I rarely watch the event live hello
skanks what's up Oh
live this is sort of hell yeah we
recorded could see boys something's
happening things got strange some that
said we're live everyone oh man we were
having a great now people are listening
to what I did Mike Tyson weed we really
were just having the most natural
conversation every was going back and
forth night yeah Mike Tyson we were
talking when you went to the bathroom
Mike Tyson says he smokes $40,000 you
know we also sells weed so he just
charges himself a lot of money forty
thousand dollars worth of weed he may be
like his whole crew if this ain't about
himself there's no way a month
yeah just 40,000 I want to see what it
looks like in a room oh yeah man it
would be a pile that you could fall into
and thinkin that but you could be like
beanbag chair and you can fly with
confidence oh yeah so how much is I'm
you're getting in bulk so it's gonna be
probably like a hundred dollars it's
getting worse and even less than that
but you're gonna spend 40 grand they'll
give you more than 40 grands worth do
you I mean used to be like here we
smoked 10 tons of weed at the ranch a
month oh my god this is britain said
eben is that is a saison even Evan Evan
Britain so 10 tons of weed is $40,000
that doesn't seem right
doesn't none of that seems 20,000 pounds
of weed that's impossible
he obviously could have easily been
joking and laughing why said this to
we're reading it in print yeah he's like
do we smoke 10 tons a month yeah this is
what I'm saying this sounds like
something I would say more than you
could ever possibly imagine I'm gonna
throw out a wild number 40 million
now 48 million burgers 40,000 there's
someone she made them some journalists
should do like do just make an image of
this is what 40,000 dollars where the
weed looks like yeah it's gonna be more
than with even Mike Tyson and his crew
can smoke wouldn't fill this whole room
I think it would be like shipping crates
is a grab is it even possible to smoke
40,000 dollars a weed a month 980 not
that much but with a crew and I know I
think about it if you do
two grand blunts that's two blunts per
eighth essentially a little bit less
this guy's got a broken down baby this
guy really could just tell you how much
it is in bulk he's giving you the 908
seems a little bit lazy to even write
1,800 blunts between Mike Tyson's crew
is not actually that much for a month
it's not that much now when I'm looking
at how this guy's saying it he's saying
it's basically for blunts per hour
that's totally possible if you got a
large number of people with you I will
never question Mike Tyson again ever
this is it about 10 tons I think we're
being silly I think they were joking
around I bet a lot of it they give away
too
you know they might go through a
personal stash of that much weed I don't
know he has a ranch
all right Tyson's in the weed game son
all-in dude he was one of the most
fascinating guys at interview because I
couldn't believe I was really talking to
him yeah so I can't believe that's
really Mike Tyson like there's some
people like you talking to my god that's
really Mike Tyson doesn't make sense
what he's been through in his life yet
now he's here somehow knowing him as a
kid when he was the fucking man and
you'd see him on the cover of these
magazines like Kid Dynamite when he's 19
years old on Sports Illustrated and just
smashing everyone in front of him and
then all sudden he's hanging with you
yeah it's very strange it's also just as
a fall from grace and then a resurgence
and still weird resurgence to like
nobody ever saw him becoming like you
know cartoon character and like a
fucking Broadway actor in a one-man show
and now a weed rancher that's bananas
who saw that nobody said that was gonna
be Mike Tyson's trajectory yeah
detect the trajectory of when I found
out who he was when I was a kid and
started getting it was BOTS like very
shortly after you saw what a monster he
was was that Robin Givens interview
where he just sat there like a doofus
yeah well she was like eh beats up me
and rapes my mom and he's like just
knowing like when these cameras go off
oh boy
wasn't there some talk about them
medicating him wasn't that part of what
was happening like the momma forgiven to
date him
maybe I just remember him talking about
sorry yeah in the documentary and he was
just like he said he was just so he
couldn't believe she was saying it so he
was just like silent but if you watch it
it seems like he's furious and just
trying to not say something angry key to
Mike Tyson is that he always seemed like
he was furious yeah oh and he even
talked about it once it goes I'm just
mad I'm mad at my dog no matter
everything and that's when he was at the
top of the heap but for how he's like
this peaceful friendly God he had to
overcompensate for all that that's what
he needs forty thousand Gerald it was
all therapy right he had to be in he had
like 20 therapists he beat up the first
seven of them I mean to be a great
fighter you have to be able to look at
yourself you have to be able to look at
your skills you still doesn't mean you
still can't make horrific mistakes but
you have to be able to look at yourself
it's only get any better the best
fighters have an understand even if they
have ego problems they still have a
pretty good understanding of who they
are and that's that can benefit you if
you use it today I'm sure he probably
went through therapy but he didn't
necessarily he could probably have
figured it out on his own just cuz he's
a smart guy he's a smart guy they grew
up in a horrible horrible way where the
first love he had was an old boxing
trainer that turned him into a murderer
and that was the first love that guy
experienced his life was horrible man
and from him being adopted by custom ATO
when he was a little kid and having
extreme physical gifts as well it was
this perfect storm
they said when he was 13 he weighed a
hundred and ninety pounds Teddy Atlas
used to bring him to boxing the smoker
events and they were like yeah he's
fucking 13 and they put him in with a 16
year old cuz nobody want to believe that
a 13 year old could be jacked like that
well g1j with when J 3rd was 13 years
old he we like 220 it's truly different
was it different built come on fuckers
out goddamn tank
yeah that's not a 13 year old you want
to fight also fun fact he is the reason
Mike Tyson solely is the reason why now
if you're on TV for even 5 minutes they
starts caring about your tattoos being
covered or can you get a release for
them all because when he came on a was
it hangover movie the company that did
were the tattoo artists that did its
face tattoo sued for like I think one
for like millions of dollars that's so
possible for doing the use that purchase
artwork without then once you put a
tattoo once nobody is your know hard
yeah you claim part ownership of that
yes and it makes tattoo so much gayer
this is when I became I guess partners
in life with a guy in Montreal who spoke
French how many tattoos do we have in
common we have the same yes have a bunch
of 22 3 thrill yeah we have the Dave's
what would it what do you guys have you
guys get what's happening here there's a
lot of people that can't hear this so
what are these things
this is a notes half hearts and it says
Dave and Smith yeah so you are on their
arm yeah to make you uncomfortable I did
not consent he's too much of a pussy to
get a tattoo so he's did a form very
cute he's very Jewish that's real love
man you guys have to stay friends for
life now I know I was gonna be out the
door
man this tattoo no girls want to get
married guys do that bro you bro I'm
fuckin bro I do mine
hey you could have as many guys tattooed
on you okay I'm not jealous but I want
my fucking name on your leg bro there
was a world star there's a world star
video yesterday of a guy catching a girl
cheating in a hotel and the other guys
like naked in the hallway and she's
looking her underwear and the guys just
screaming at her there's a guy there and
she just fucking keeps going and he's
like I got my fucking your name tattooed
on me again she's doing all that I'm
sorry calm down so I can when she just
decides that she doesn't give a shit
anymore
she was well no one told you to get my
name tattooed on you now you'll see a
fucking ass anything for a girl like a
tattoo yeah you know so I have three
Chinese characters here this is back
when I was young enough when a tattoo
shop was able to convince you which I
think they still do the people that
Chinese characters can say or spell
anything which is just not true well
like what's supposed to be letters so I
got when I believed Chinese characters
was CMS they're still there they're just
blended into something else but it was
cherylin maurice leader was a was the
name of my girlfriend what's a terrible
name yeah yeah Cheryl's leader she
sounds like she's got shit teeth
infamous now good teeth Cheryl Slayers
fucking teeth pointing in every which
direct hot chick actually but uh just I
mean coming from like a real pack of
dummies like real stupid and so stupid
in fact was she that I got those
tattooed on me thank God in Chinese
characters CMS her mom didn't like me
and I came I couldn't wait to tell her
mom that I got this tattoo I go look
what I got for your daughter and she's
like what is that a CMS and she goes
what's that I go
your daughter's initials cherylin Marie
sweet her and she goes uh her mom could
she was so happy to go that's not your
name my girlfriend was so dumb she
didn't know her name
is not in fact she just made up the
Murray part her name is Cheryl Lynn
Sleater and it was s so I got a wrong
tattoo from and she was a perfect she
was with me while I got it and didn't
know her own middle name set there
confidently like make sure you get the M
good yeah tattoo is wild large patches
of America okay
yeah this that is that tattoo let that
tattoo like that that's that fucked up
yeah bodies so many lives oh yeah many
people something people have made
horrendous choices you know I had a my
first tattoo it just said Lou dog I
gotta cover now the Ludo Lu do GG nobody
has ever called me Lou dog okay for
afterwards sarcastically to make fun of
me like all right Lou dog was there but
you were so psyched to go tell your
friends hey guys you're calling me Lou
dog well it was because I only had $70
and I was like alright dude I have $70
it was I'm 18 I just turned 18 oh so
getting the fucking tattoo and I was a
guy I'm gonna do it oh go matter what
but I got to get like a little design
underneath it underneath it it was it
was tribal like me almost it won't look
like like antlers like tribal antlers
but it was because I was poor something
you would like scribble on a binder
while your boarding class dude it was
like there's a tramp stamp it was like a
tiny tramp stamp underneath Lou dog you
underaged no I was 18 I was under a
that's why mine is the word Jay in Old
English and it is so high up here just
so my mom wouldn't see it immediately
we were both fat kids and I had a big
fat arm so this little tiny shit my big
fat arm and your Jay is so tiny it's so
sorry is it still there yeah all that
it's bad it's bad yeah it's that yeah
and then more Chinese stuff here and
then a Pam Anderson barbed wire around
my arm but I've just accepted eyes all
my tattoos have some shitty dumb stories
high school my friend Jimmy was the
first one to get tattooed he got this
really shitty like Tiger on his arm with
his name in case he forgets his name you
know I think we're like 18 at a time
maybe 17 and he came home and he had
like a little band-aid peeking out
underneath his shirt
Bob started screaming at him and if I'm
not I'm fucking this story I hope I'm
not but like her I remember thinking
that like wow he was the first like
everyone's got to get a tattoo
eventually like the idea that someone's
gonna draw on you permanent Oh forever
you got a key like it's a ballsy funny
it never really hit me like that Harbor
that I I know it's true
by the way I wish you know talking about
having a time machine if you can go back
and just tell your teenage self like
just wait till even like you're late 20
you're gonna have a lot of good years
with awesome tattoos yeah we're gonna
make this decision now and have the rest
of your life with some pretty shitty you
know money when you're 18 you know
there's no money for good tattoos you're
probably from some let you live
absolutely I have $20 tattoos on me for
sure I was if I was offended by the
drawing cuz I'm an artist and I was
looking I was like this is so bad the
guy just I mean the guy was not an
artist at all whoever did the tattoo
he's fucking just a guy I've got a job
doing tattoo who learned how to use the
gun exactly that's it yeah on my leg I
have a dragon like a another tribal
dragon there was 19 and 4 toe in Miami
like it we went like on a boardwalk
tattoo shop with like Chinese people in
the front like don't ever get tight
never gonna tell unless you're in China
and they're using the old like taffy
technique yeah they fucking do that
don't go to like a shit bodega tattoo
shop because that's what I got it it's
all blended together now the guys had no
idea it's painful oh shit they don't
know what they're doing the other
problem with it is it's really painful
they go too deeply pull it out well
that's another thing about henna ladies
if you or guys are in the henna tattoos
if you get those Hana tattoos I can
Thailand or something like that
sometimes it's not really henna it's
hair dye then the hair dye can be
poisonous to your skin it's not good
stone you didn't even die getting a real
tattoo well you can die but I think it
fucks you up
I'm kidding painted on with hair dies
out what I think there was like a
warning about this that I've read well
they're saying don't don't get Han out
from places that aren't using real henna
because they use cheap hair dye they
gonna just stop that don't get henna
yeah you can that's a weird one right so
I can want to tattoo but not really yeah
it looks like it looks like a spray-on
tans wearing off
yes it just looks disgusting PPD is can
in it whatever black can often contains
PPD at high levels and when it applied
to skin can cause chemical burns and
allergic reactions and I don't know what
PPD is I'm trying to find that chemical
burns yeah you got to be careful out
there kids don't use on you Joe Rogan
says steer clear of
drill holes in your skin and pump some
ink in there it's apparently there had
to be like some errors made when they
were coming up with like tight like the
first tattoos people body which is the
first tattoos were like an Africa
carving shit into your arm or something
yeah yeah when sometimes a great tattoo
artist I'm always blown it's the most
sloppy uncomfortable with the fact that
I couldn't do anything near that with
like a pencil and art supplies and a set
yeah you know flat surface like ones
meant to have to do that it's great when
someone's amazing at it it makes no
sense no it doesn't because they always
also they're still just going like just
scribbling basically it looks like and
then they swipe it away and look like
I'm mad at you I found the craziest
fucking page Jamie I'm gonna send it to
you this is a lady and she does paint on
people's face that makes it look like to
have extra eyeballs and the the paint is
so accurate you're looking at a video of
it and you're like what the fuck am I
looking at
I have this always at the asian chick
because she makes herself different
doesn't that chick is fucking talented
which he does with makeup and she got in
trouble cuz she did blackface but she
does every Asian do blackface she made
herself like an african nubian princess
it was the most amazing thing in the
world is this her I'm gonna be a
princess me me joy this is the shit she
does whoa look at that dude that's
insane yeah your head
she's got eyeballs drawn awesome Joe
Rogan's perfectly well yeah I was like a
tool video yeah she's a fractal that is
something you would see if you were on
some serious drugs and this is the kind
of shit you got to pretend to enjoy if
you want to fuck a hot asian chick her
I'm super into me dance look at that oh
this is a different chick than I was
thinking of but yeah this is a category
it's cool it's crazy if you go scroll
down and look at some of the eyeball
ones where the extra eyeballs or below
her face the cops use this price that's
the it's a fucking freak out it's a
fuckin freak out yeah yeah that's so
weird yeah it's wild it's that same sort
of level of tattoo art that the really
high level tattoo guys have you seen
that guy Steve butcher I've showed you
that guy before right in fact I walked
to doing room I would think that it's a
monster and I would kill it yeah you
like what the fuck that's you terrifying
someone drugged you yeah yeah you would
say oh my god Satan is real around
arrogant thinking that Satan's not real
yeah this is Steve butcher Steve butcher
does insane shit man he did one of me
somebody got me tattooed on their leg
and it's fucking incredible about that
Joe so weird don't have that don't do
that just stop stop I got Legion of
skanks tattooed on his face and like you
look at you go that's awesome that you
want to do that but man
maybe you shouldn't no he's he has a
bunch of other face tattoos though it
wasn't the first ones true holy that
Kobe Bryant scroll up a bit look at that
Kobe Bryant
t-shirt his mouth get the fuck out of
here man that might as well be a
photograph that's crazy like look at the
resolution look at the sweat if you said
to me what's the one thing you can't
draw I'd say black people sweat if I was
wrong I would just have white drips
Dennis feeling like bukkake make that
bigger jammy like I did that with
needles man that's insane how good that
is
yes I'm how it doesn't seem nearly as
weird to get athlete's tattooed on you
as it does comedians no it does for now
it's still we show you them
I'm sure Kobe's running around going
damn dude different people grow up on
like I mean that's not true dude because
they the connection that people feel
with like comics and podcasts it's
pretty I got it you know it's like we
don't want the responsibility we want to
do it but we don't want the response
because I don't the responsibility of
being your shin i 100% want my fucking
face tattooed on people so anybody out
there I
I'll give you a free lijiang t-shirt
it's a good tattoo it loves it says Luda
yeah that is crazy it's so that is as
accurate as a photograph of my fucking
face that's my face that's fucking
intense is it mate oh yeah I don't
remember what that's from
I was probably making a point was you
were right problem with me matter you
get any one clip of me or my face and
you could make decisions that's a that's
an incredible test that's the first time
Joe saw Ahri's butthole yeah there's no
way I can remember that far back I think
it's but I think Ari said so many times
these and process of getting his
butthole folks is he gonna get surgery
yeah yeah is it the sir he's been
bleeding since I've known him yeah it's
bizarre that he lives life like that
that would show that's a problem that
would shut me off from going out to the
world well what what causes those things
hemorrhoids
what causes hemorrhoids I got
hemorrhoids working out because I wasn't
breathing when I was lifting weights and
I was just just clenching my butt hole
made blisters inside your butthole and
it's so easy together for a while well
this actually won't have we got
introduced to Ahri's butthole was I was
complaining about me having hemorrhoids
and I'm Lee Jinu skanks we opened up my
butthole to show that I showed all the
guys Louis did it we all open our said
that's not a hemorrhoid step aside
little ladies let me show you a
hemorrhoid and it was like it was like
the you know and stranger things the
fucking monster the way though the face
opens up that's what all his asshole
does it looks like our Simpson's mouth
yeah my break the blade remember the
blade vampire mouth
like predator and predator yeah it looks
like it's baggy but just cuz it opens a
lot how does he get away with what he
gets away or did he like he can as he
keeps tissues in his asshole at all
times and if you're with re at one point
he might just throw a bloody tissue at
you if it got to I get I get staying
away from the doctors I get it but if
you're actively bleeding out of your
asshole I'd be on an operating table
facedown Oh quick quick I think it's a
real pain in the ass to get the surgery
dealing with it as is yeah oh yeah but I
mean it's I'm glad he's gonna get it
fixed though it's troublesome when your
friendship how many times that guy send
you a picture of bloody toilet paper
I've seen way too much way too much
people the thing to me is that re
historically has just crushed ass like
hot chicks walking around with
confidence I he's confident walking
around with napkins weirdly handsome
like you don't think you see me like her
that's a fucking goofy camel face
fucking asshole yeah but then you look
at him again he kind of dreamy eyes he's
in good shape I don't know man he got in
good shape for sober October yeah you
got he's a fucking animal I knew that he
was gonna be a real problem he was
trying to win that goddamn thing yeah
that's not right there dude you can't
fucking have a athletic competition with
all of your out of shape fat friends
it's not fair okay good luck
look we're gonna work out seven days
seven days six hours a day what we're
gonna have to do that we're gonna see
who drops this is not smart but I'd say
because they're sober ari came the
closest are I get close he got close he
even went hard he went fucking hard if
Ari was in shape going into it he would
probably would have at least what's this
got a lot winning Millie how do you win
if you have this this is last year last
year was the only time we admitted to
competition and I think it's better off
not being a competition honestly I think
the first
we had to do 15 yoga classes over the
month 15 90-minute hot yoga classes
which is annoying it yeah it's it's
annoying like you don't want to do it
but you have to do it but can you get in
there all right
number seven like and you're starting to
think how many more days are there I'm
gonna have to do a bunch of I want up
having to do nine in a row so I did yoga
nine fucking days in a row but it was no
competition but we just had a
requirement right and everybody met the
requirement we felt good that we
accomplished the goal together but then
everybody started talking crazy they
wanted to do a competition Tom was like
yeah it's where these heart rate
monitors okay so what was how did you
how would it re of won like what was the
it's a point system based on eighty
percent of your heart rate right so
you're fine to max heart rate and then
you know eighty percent of that gets you
X amount of points and ninety percent
that gets you Y amount of points I
forget what it is in a course of time
yeah but you can't really maintain 90
percent 90 percent is like these
Sprint's the real smart move is to stay
at 80 and go long-term so we were doing
these cardio workouts it's all just in
your head because it's it's not hard to
do
it's not hard to do an elliptical
machine it's an easy motion so it's all
in your head and all you do is you wear
this fucking heartrate monitor and what
I did is I watched the murder scene from
John wick where it goes into the Russian
for an over and upon a loop for five
hours and I just stayed on the fucking
elliptical machine for five hours
watching that scene I get to the end of
it I'd rewind it music fucked up and I
just I did it for fucking six six hours
a day seven hours six hours a day that's
psychotic well we were having a
competition was probably not healthy to
work at yeah but not help excuse what we
were competing yeah we're going to hell
we're gonna hell I'm like we're going to
hell there's no way perforation was do
anything like that but Bert Kreischer
was the one who talked to most shit so I
would think about him while I was
getting tired I was like there's no way
bitch there's no way you're gonna
there's no sleep is there an advantage
to starting off being like one of the
fattest guys because you can lose more
and stuff no no no no your body's gonna
have a hard time recovering but 80% of
your max heart rate is different than
80% of my max heart rate so technically
I don't have to work as hard as you you
know you'd have to run on you know seven
on the treadmill I could run at a 4.5
but no I think it's based on your age as
well so the max heart rate is different
so it might actually be easier because
it's just used to doing it it's all
about your body being used to do yeah if
you're used to working out that MRSA
yeah percent there's only like 140 beats
a minute you know or maybe a little bit
more like 146 beats per minute that's
not that bad like you can kind of do
that for a long time yes what's like
just watch something that's engaging and
make sure you keep breathing at that
rate and you get you get trapped in
whatever you're watching and for me it
was fights - that was a big one I just
put on some great fights so I got a TV
right in front of me and I'm on this
fucking elliptical machine watching
fights and I would drink gigantic jugs
of water with Himalayan salt and all
these different keep it up
know to keep you hydrated I sweat so
much they set off the fire alarm I
filled the room up with so much steam
that the fire alarm went off I filmed it
good fun I put it on YouTube or on
Instagram that was ridiculous
Dave he make me so mad Dave's never
worked out a day in his fucking life
just there's got to be a few yeah he
looks good he's handsome my point was
Ari got close he got close to me he
wasn't even working out that's how crazy
are Ian's and then you have to deal with
the fact that you're doing this publicly
and you can't allow Ari to beat you at
this thing I was in the Millau and Burt
if Ari beat me I would have said wow man
I would I would have said wow man that
is really really impressive but Burt
there was no fucking way to go away Tom
if Tom beat me I'd be like dude you did
it man wow I wish I won but you won Burt
no way there's no way we're going to
hell you just leave we never hear from
you
go into the Darklands I'm wearing that
monitor on me all day long I'm just
gonna be lifting weights everywhere I go
far back was Burton standing he's barely
working out talking shit what if he ends
he wind was it a marathon he ran or
something no no he ran a full marathon
that was pretty impressive that's insane
Bert's tough all bullshit aside like
Bert talks tremendous amounts of shit
that's why I didn't want to lose to him
but first tough I think he also talked
shit to sort of set the expectation for
himself because he says it he's gonna
fucking have to stick to its very lowest
thing we always tell but he speaks very
decorative about things yeah and I'm
like why do you do this I hold myself to
that standard if I say I'm gonna lose
weight publicly and then I don't ever
longer so call me a fucking phony yeah
and if I if I keep it in my head I
probably will be more likely to skip the
gym or whatever else it is so that's
really wise that's really wise that's a
good strategy yeah yeah if you fail it
works for better podcasting it's also
true and it's like public
acknowledgement of your failings yeah it
comes to like little goals that you set
free it's like let's everybody know hey
man that's not easy to do
we're comics and yeah we live in a
social media generation it's all like
you need that I need people to tell me
dude you're losing weight and when they
stop telling me that I get fat again and
then they're like oh you're getting fat
and then I start losing weight again I
and I'm it's almost that the attention
is sort of what motivates me I need
something beyond just being how much
time have you spent researching like
different methods of losing weight and
how much you looked into intermittent
fasting hey I've done animate did I've
done I've been obsessed with try that I
still don't fully understand what it is
it's simple you just have a small
feeding window like for me I like to
fast I feel at my best when I'm fast in
14 hours so what I'll do is you know if
I eat at 8 p.m. then I eat at 10 a.m.
the next day it's not hard I was doing
12 years a 7 p.m. I was eating I could
be from 12 p.m. to 7 p.m. but I wasn't
really eating healthy things were minute
fasting I was eating shitty what I'm
better at is if I just cut out most of
the carbs I'll eat fruit and she'll like
that
but if I cut out all the carbs and the
burgers and then the fucking bread and
the pie
the rice I can manage that because I can
get creative and if I'm the mood for
pizza I can figure out a you know a
low-carb version of pizza you know
cauliflower crust or whatever it is okay
yeah you know it's really delicious do
all those things but also lift weights
yeah I have been I just started again
like two weeks ago that's that's a big
one the lifting weights is huge it burns
a shit ton of calories and more
importantly when your body has more
muscle than your body burns more
calories so you could eat the same
amount of food and you lose weight you
could do all that or Louis I know you
just fistfight a comedian you'll lose
body fat Joe you eat like tons of meat I
eat a lot of meat do you ever hit have
you gotten gout workouts from me it's
not like a wine disease what do you get
gout from me a lot of meat and beer no
your feet your toe it hits it's a big
your fucking right big toe it sucks cuz
I'm sitting in a chair for too long and
eating too much meat things all those
then get your heel too doesn't fuck your
heel maybe I don't know I only had to
hit twice ever in my toe it was awful oh
you got gelt yeah but I was like and by
the way it would hurt so much that when
I went to the doctor I was like I'll
take because there's a you know you get
medicine for it every day you take so
you don't get it and I would have
absolutely taken that's how much it hurt
and they go now you don't like have like
a condition you know actually I think I
just I went to ago festival of concerts
one weekend you go D he shouted up
here's a definition gout occurs when
urate crystals accumulate in your joint
causing inflammation and intense pain of
a gout attack urate crystals can form
when you have high levels of uric acid
and the in your blood your body produces
uric acid when it breaks down purines
substances that are found naturally in
your body yeah I got this blood that's
still didn't answer my question
good cause hear this I got people at
ease up American foods meat poultry
seafood hmm chemical compounds that are
high amounts and certain foods like meat
poultry and seafood that's interesting I
think you also have to be fat hypo
uranium dude oh yeah my friend was not
fat hyperuricemia it sounds like
something that a fat person should only
get though dude I lied I was on a flight
yesterday and I lied
and because we were on the Roma for two
and half hours and I was just getting
really impatient I was a fucking hungry
and I made up that I was hyperglycemic
to get the thing and they wouldn't come
so eventually I started waving like a
madman and Mike finola there's a friend
of ours a comic he was a few rows up
that's how he knew what was in the plane
because I was being a lunatic it was
like we've known him forever
I'm hyperglycemic I'd be food right now
manna like don't get me orange juice it
was the most fucking on a plane it's not
going anywhere it's I'm blown away by
the amount of rules look I believe it at
the gate for like two hours before I'm
like can I just go back into the airport
and they're like now like it doesn't
make any sense you you you've and not
like take the flight but come on I'm off
I'm going I think you can't be left the
doors closed it's a big deal if you want
to leave that's a big deal but as a
Puerto Rican if you do leave Luis you
have to twerk on your own if you watch
those videos when people leave playing
go fine
yeah we have to work their way out you
will get put on a list for sure of your
asshole every time you fly on a plane
well it already has that problem am i
guessing but do you think that they
would probably check you I don't know if
I decided I want off the plane right now
and if you make a scene you know yeah
pull the plane back into this guy I
don't think you're not gonna get off
unless you make a scene you won't get
off ones away from the gate I'm talking
about when they stay at the gate and
they never actually pull away from like
the you're on a plane you're just hoping
everyone can keep it together yeah
hoping just hoping everyone can keep it
what's your craziest plane experience I
never I hate flying and I've had plenty
of weird ones two dudes did almost get
after it once on a plane over overhead
space this one guy was claiming the
space overhead there's only four or five
arguments you could have on a plane over
space middle person gets both armrests
one
I was on this side right but his shit
was all filled up so he opens up the bin
on the other side and puts his bag in
and sits down on the guy who was behind
him
that was his side he goes hey man that's
my storage space he goes no it's not he
goes it's storage space I put my bag in
there first I wasn't I was ahead of you
I put my bag in there he's like no you
have yours and I have mine and yours is
full and he goes to grab his shit yeah
and the guy goes hey man don't touch my
fucking bag that guy's right by the way
the guy who took the the other source
space you fuck off dude it's just
storage sorry one first class I wish one
of those degenerate fucks from the back
would try to put some shit my store one
time they almost went after it though
the waitress had to cut them off so you
cut them up we're in the air the
waitress we're in the air and they're
going at it again so it's like we
they're going at it when they're about
the plane was about to take off and then
they got through it and then in the air
they were going at it again the waitress
the stewardess she cuts him off wouldn't
let him have alcohol but it was tense so
it's like you know you have to keep an
eye on I was like the whole tars you
know me the lady made me she's like
you're gonna help me write a much Jesus
Christ lady I think anything's gonna
happen well yes sure all right the woman
behind me as I was complaining she was I
was like I was like yeah you know he's
like what what do you guys do I was like
smaller juice of coffee maybe a kind bar
that'd be nice because I said like loud
enough for me she goes just get him some
orange juice and I went I turn around I
was like mind your business lady shut
the fuck up these guys those undercover
dudes that are on planes air marshals
air marshals right so if you're an Air
Marshal and you see these two two guys
getting after a little bit just talking
shit grabbing bags to shoot them Dickey
to each other when do you move in
because you don't want everybody to know
you're an Air Marshal you're like they
don't have a bomb you guys got to work
this out you fucking pussies are just
gonna push each other like you're not
you know you guys aren't terrorists what
am I doing here
it was just an architect and a fucking
if somebody's gonna die before there's a
plane and give up their entire fuck it's
such a pain in the ass what did you're
going to deal with to get into a
fistfight on a plane I don't know how
many different crimes it is I've done
but they have to pull this fucking plane
over you are fuck dude you have to
really want to fight somebody
in order to do that because you'll deal
with a lot of shit to that plane you're
gonna like want anima arrest you you're
fucked you're saw that lady smack her
boyfriend in the head the guy gets up
he's trying to leave when she throws the
laptop and yeah as he's walking down the
aisle yeah screaming search throwing
laptop yes shit okay
she's fired she catch her boyfriend
cheating on the plane or something like
that was but she got super loud and it
became like a huge scene where everybody
was listening to her talk and him was
like oh my god this is so crazy I mean
when they were dragging the asian guy
out of the planes one of the funniest he
starts chanting I want to go home but it
was so sad I would legitimately have to
drag man if they were trying to get me
to give up my seat they would have to
drag me out of the plane do that imagine
thinking they could do that we're just
gonna grab you physically and take you
off the show like come on you're you're
you're on the plane the planes about to
take off we're gonna grab you and just
pull you out of there I think they
probably just settled with him they
probably just gave him a ton of money
and said shut the fuck up here's at what
point it is your prize find out what
business they do have security I mean
what point does somebody wants to leave
your private business I'm sure it's
within the the contract that you fucking
the Terms of Service for the ticket that
they can do that so you think so where
the guy's already sitting down well he
said ya know after they asked him to
leave a lot of times so I don't know
what the law is I mean but if it's his
ticket and he bought the ticket you can
just decide Terms of Service exactly
you're right Lois just say it's a dumb
line they can do anything they want
anything they want well what happened is
they got destroyed on social media for
like weeks afterward and they apologized
and we're like we're changing our policy
and also like Starbucks that's why yeah
don't even get me fucking started jobs
American Airlines says officially thank
that guy wasn't black fucking I live in
Harlem in the Starbucks in Harlem I mean
it looks like a bus depot it's crazy
it's just lines of people just sitting
there charging their cell phones not
ordering because they have their new
policy is everyone who walks into
customers various the fucking all it
happened because of one bad PR Philly
Philly when these two black dudes were
just trying to sit down and chill out
at at Starbucks and someone decided to
remove them from the premises yeah but
look now that Aryan perspective is they
might have been dicks Starbucks might
have been dicks but what I know is they
they asked him to leave they called the
cops the cops weren't going to arrest
him the cops told him you have to leave
and they still refused to leave and then
they didn't they let him go they
literally just cuffed him took him to
the station in the world like they also
tried to order four loko so okay but
here's what I know I know that we don't
know what happened yes no I agree with
that completely
you don't know it was a human
interaction you don't know who the cunt
was there right it could have been them
it could have been the person work I
know I know exactly what how do you
think happened these two guys walked in
they didn't buy anything they're like oh
yeah you guys got to buy something they
were like no we don't like well you got
to leave them they're like no we don't
and it was this weird little Mexican
standoff between a fucking dumb idiot
Starbucks employee and two dummies that
wouldn't leave a Starbucks well here's
the dip here's the disparity was a
Mexican standoff between blacks do you
think that the influx of homeless people
is bad for their business do you think
it's it's hurting business at all
absolutely I mean I've signed imagine
like that one move from that one store
if the wings of the butterfly from that
one little incident creates like a dip
in the value of the company I feel like
people don't want to hang out there as
long and you probably buy more shit if
you like stay there there's many people
who go up online a couple times if
they're there you know right you don't
write your script on your laptop all the
guys shitting his pants next to you yes
I know we're for morons but let's solve
this like why are there why there's so
many homeless
and what could be done I think it's a
real tough area yeah that's like the
thing what they used to do is just
institutionalize them right just fucking
grab them and throw them it and there's
some problems with that for you sure
because who decides who's worthy of
being institutionalized you know we
could hunt them and night like nutria
just go around the thing about a shoe on
light yeah didn't it tell do that on a
show yeah it's bad out here but you guys
got it like here you ain't seen shit
until you go downtown downtown LA makes
everything if most don't pass every
underpass in LA now you're you're
subject to see tents yeah they're all
over the place all over through the
valley all most people in LA and New
York are pretty friendly though they're
not they're not that aggressive I was in
Seattle those fuckers who will come up
to you and they will go at you they want
like don't give them money they will
like give you an attitude about it
everywhere else took a Cleveland
horrible homeless like every other city
besides San Fran like yeah same and it's
like aggressive should the Canadian
homeless were a kid what not like this
this was around when we were kids you
would see those boxes in the side of the
road and it was usually someone who was
so fucked up that you know they just
couldn't go anywhere and they'd have a
box and they smelled like shit they were
covered up but we're seeing like
different levels you grow up surviving
yeah yeah I mean I grew up in Brooklyn I
saw homeless people all the time but I
never saw anything and I haven't seen it
in person but I've never seen anything
like the camps and stuff that I've seen
that's insane yeah that's the new thing
yeah that's what's new it's like the
underpass is - when I when I first
started coming here in 94 there was
never any tents on the underpasses least
I don't remember them being I think now
there's like almost some people think
it's cool I live in East Village New
York and there is so many just kids
you're like you're a phone call away
from like solving this problem if you
kind of want to be out here like yeah
yeah just like there it's literally like
some scenario like punk rockers 20 year
old 19 year old white kids yeah
it's like 20 though as I'm saying it I
don't think those kids are foam I bet
you those kids are from really really
fucked up situations at home and drugs
and some I think more often than not
they're probably dealing with some
fucked up shit at home you don't
actually on the streets - - you know
repel against your mom you're good mom
and dad most of the time what happens
also watching a guy like you know just
looks like as cruddy as homeless can be
like charging his phone on one of those
stations is pretty where's your address
for Billy yeah
how's Verizon get you the bill every
month no prepaid phones anymore store in
New York is on every corner now they
have like a big station right and on
that station you can do literally free
phone calls you could just dial a number
do it's a speakerphone phone call you
could charge your phone
and it has like a Wi-Fi station so
everyone on the street has Wi-Fi in New
York and you're like this is a great
idea except now there's always a
homeless person literally plugged into
it and that's now their power source for
their little homeless thing I don't have
the screens they were jerking off
outside the screens out of the screens
off there was a better week after they
came out where you'd see regular people
using them and now it's only homeless
yeah I felt like nobody else touches
them if you had a look at a graph of all
the crimes that were committed using
burner phones like 7-eleven burner
phones like how many 7-eleven burner
phones are used by poor people and how
many of them are used to commit crimes
like serious espionage it ignores know
between international spies a fucking
giant international crime tool that goes
unreported burner phones like 7-eleven
burner phones we get it it's in the
plastic you pop it open it's got an hour
in it fuck who the fuck is using those
things some of them are poor people it's
getting I think it's getting more and
more exclusively criminal it's like
leaving an airplane if you buy a
7-eleven phone you're on a list you
could go to like Verizon and get a
bottom of the line phone that's
affordable that's better than anything
existed like five years ago like where
the where technology is now you don't
have to spend like what's a cheat
what's a cheap Android phone if you were
at your pcs right now get a free Android
phone sign up for $40 and now you're out
you're out the door and then you never
have to pay it again because it's
prepaid yeah so you just have a certain
amount of minutes right
well no it's unlimited I have metro pcs
guys and me do the general insurance too
you just do everything it's a film
everything unlimited I don't understand
why I would ever switch besides the fact
that my friends make fun of me
ah so your phone works in places it
works everywhere yeah you're doing some
sort of a roaming thing I guess no
there's no roaming there's no overt
you're over just nothing it's just
better there's it really sounds like
weird if I can add reader much your PCs
right now it's one of the UFC sponsors
but people make fun of you like you're
hot garbage Jenna not tell people truth
cuz you screenshot every time I scream
something shot something it says maybe
that much better even if they're great
they're embarrassing oh yeah right yeah
even if they're great it's embarrassing
that it's great
like I think Hyundai has a problem with
these new cars that they're making so
they start calling the Genesis they call
them Hyundai's cuz people are gonna know
Hyundai's that car that cost is real
cheap but it runs forever
that's a Hyundai there's no no Hyundai's
luxury we got this letting it rip nope
nope can't have both yeah they got
grounded yeah major piece yes even if
it's the best service you know like the
problem is like anytime anything's a
bargain even if it really is a great
deal and MetroPCS seems like a great
deal it is it does anything with things
a bargain people don't want it like some
people want the shit that cost a lot is
hard to get yeah when I was a kid I
remember I would I just wouldn't get
sneakers that weren't like Nikes or like
yeah even if there were comfortable
sneakers even if they were more
expensive yeah it didn't matter this
loser
yeah I felt the fucking idiot you got
like a rebel if you wanted Edith yeah
now you are grocery store sneakers
shit now it's funny how important it is
when you're younger though it's very
important because anything that could
get you just ridiculed when you were
young you had to be always conscious of
like you had to always be aware of what
could fuck up your dog there's not
enough of a delineation between shitty
stuff and like the mid-range stuff but I
think like high-end stuff tends to be
like better quality yeah he's always
shown that with clothing and stuff or my
ex-wife I remember I was talking about
per much she spent on a purse which I
said is ridiculous that she just put it
last forever and to some degree I still
think it's ridiculous do that for a
purse but my point is paying for the
quality like does last long it's better
yeah things are made better Smith but
the difference between like a knockoff
fucking Louis Vuitton bag and like a
baggy buy and like a store is like not
much difference yes like a fake Ferrari
right yeah there's a huge difference
between those bags I think I'm just
saying like the stitching I mean I did I
check it was a fashion check yeah
there's definitely a huge difference in
those bags yeah yeah yeah oh yeah
high-end
I'm saying but I'm just saying the
difference between like as one you'd buy
it like JCPenney versus like a shitty
one you buy on the street there's not
much difference in quality in that you
as was buy the fake Louis Vuitton yeah
if you were a kid and you didn't have
like a good name brand sneaker you were
ashamed all Bobo's yeah
they call him the Bobo I had voice I
remember when I was in the sixth grade
there were voice and it was it was a
last shitty sneaker I ever had it was
just voi t got him at CH horns which was
this I mean as shitty of a department
store as you could possibly get and kids
would just make fun of your shitty
sneakers it was terrible
I had whats I had lotos that had velcro
on the side that you could changed a lot
of assemble different colors like a fat
fucking cheerleader I was dressed like a
cheerleader to change the coverts ago my
school spirit if you were a viewer like
a runner maybe get away with New Balance
yeah there were people wore New Balance
when I was in high school I feel like
that was just like okay it's okay are
alternative you it's a good quality shoe
okay Marvin Hagler used to wear them
like it's a seashells people thought you
had an arch problem or you're a wrestler
hey six yeah yeah oh yeah I just love
Asics wrestling shoes
I'm high school came around I knew well
enough to just change my style so I'd so
we're in like air walks and like those
shitty like skater they were like 45
bucks oh good yeah that was very smart
oh so it was a big Jenko gene guy well
converse Chuck's never went out of style
right they never went out of style oh
they love them you think they're
comfortable I have them but I love
they're not comfortable I don't want
smushy I don't like smooshy shoes that
much sometimes I do but most of times I
like it where it's very it's very little
rubber that's all it is it's like you
may imagine that those guys played
basketball on those things back in the
day it's kind of crazy yeah that's weird
doesn't seem like a lot of support but
maybe that's that they had stronger
ankles that way or something my mom
tried to convince me that chucks were
cool she was right this was when I was
in the sixth grade oh it wasn't no this
was when chucks had the you know
conference was at the absolute bottom
they fuckin there's something happened
again but it's not I think Chuck Taylors
27 bucks I think Chuck Taylors were
always in style a little converse like
just as a general breath you gotta just
converse sneakers dude you look like a
jerk-off where's your family better be
poor shit other problems like with your
pants and shirt before we even get to
those converse sneakers time but that
period of time is gone right they have
dope leather and suede ones sure they
have all kinds of difference who's that
guy now look now it's like the look so
if someone makes me feel is back somehow
like fat tongue feelers in their back
for kids yeah like for kids is there one
we don't know we're so out of the loop
but is there one brand that's like is it
still Nike like what is my daughter 17
yeah that's so Georgia yeah yeah Nike
advice cake timberlands my kid has sure
yeah if it's boat if it's boots at the
timberlands there's got to be like the
most successful sneaker campaign in the
history of the known universe there's
nothing that has the kind of cachet as
Jordan the only thing I'd say maybe
probably that sells more than the Jordan
is the Air Force one but their per unit
cheaper though right that's no michael
jordan nike air asbestos Nike I think
Air Force One I think of him now
now the Air Force Ones are both are took
their basic be my yeah
what doesn't the Air Force one have a
dude flying through the air Duncan no no
okay that's just the Jordans Nikes are
fucking uncomfortable every time I wear
Nikes they hurt my feet Oh
- Vegas - Vegas statement these are what
are these you're in the skate shoes
right minimalist sort of yeah there we
go slightly flexible although the levels
kind of shoes yeah yeah and then it were
New Balance I wouldn't do Browns a lot
yeah like an old white cut so yeah
that's a wide foot shoe yeah you taking
a bold risk when you were those five
finger shoes even though they're good
for you yeah to walk around in life
though or just at the gym I friend Kyle
Kingsbury does it but he wants a wife
who's also a gorilla he's an enormous
guy so he's daring you to say that or
he's not a nice guy but he's a former
UFC fighter super nice guy where's uh
those fucking my follow shoes
Kyle on Instagram he's he's hilarious
he's great great great oh yeah is he a
white guy yeah I said like there was a
thing I saw a clarity ring girl right
what's her name Tasha
yes smoky there's a clip the other week
of two guys two black guys a tow truck
company I think it is that start filming
this white guy that called them
guerrillas and as he said but the white
guy backing down Azhar coming at him and
it's so funny why this guy would have
said this like I almost believe the
white guys excuse but he is lost because
he I guess he said some I have one of
these two gorillas bring it around and
he definitely met their big guy so he
definitely kind of meant it like that
but it just doesn't look good so him to
look like you called me and my black
friends here go really is like no I'm at
least wrong God but he just goes my my
dentist is a black fella he starts doing
now that's where you're going wrong
brothers talking about your dentist
being blood man's way too far removed
that's not even I have high five Tim
several times yeah I don't even believe
in
ya later just sweet
so wheat so I saw the thing where Milo
said you guys cooked out on the show the
first time that's why we're going hard a
few balances this time it was worth it
to have re what I already said fuck you
to all three of us was the hardest I
our national treasure
dude arias gank vested it's a big rich
Voss and Bonnie McFarlane do a show
where they hold you bang him and they
have like four or five female comedians
on stage and then a male comedian comes
out and does a set and at the end of it
the girls have to decide whether or not
they would fuck him based off of you
know multitude of things and the set
right so Ari does his he just gets naked
so literally takes his clothes off so it
is a set naked and then he starts
chasing the female Korean comedians
around the stage with his dick and
trying to have to hold on listen listen
before you say anything more but just be
aware that other people are gonna listen
to this yeah admit he's like got it then
he held her down against some camera it
was all part of the theatrical
performance so it was planned and agreed
to and consented in advance right so
he's just he's chasing these girls
around really knows he could catch them
if he was really chased
Oh obviously he's a man chasing them
around this stage with his dick and
Louie CK is there watching from the
sidelines and he goes I'm the problem
Louie no he was in a safe space yes no
okay here does it right here a lot of
people gather their panties in a bunch
when no pun intended when he went on
stage oh yeah dude his set was fucking
killing I was so happy to see him yeah
and I'm not I mean people outside of the
people that were there so some people
never I mean maybe they feel that the
guy didn't do what they wanted him to do
how long do you want someone to suffer
well the bummer is also the venue saying
that like their workers were like afraid
to stop it or do anything about it and
that they were upset and it's like
bullshit
they were have to say that they were
jumping around they didn't though
because a business doesn't need to have
an opinion they could just not say
anything for two days nobody was going
after this venue and going like oh you
need to release a statement nobody gave
a fuck
Keats oratory for businesses you could
understand that the the idea of reacting
to a journalist is not new but the idea
of reacting to thousands and thousands
of people who make comments in your
Instagram page that is new and for a
business that's you know that's a big
deal
yeah they they're worried about being
boycott but that's how it is people but
there are people who are pissed off that
Louise there those people will not like
they will boycott they will tweet
everyday they their thing is to try to
ruin someone for you know committing a
like woke crime or whatever and there so
that's what they deal with is that
people like us who are like add that
sucks that they fuckin wrote that letter
we don't do anything we're not
boycotting because they wrote that
letter we're not like do the the other
side isn't putting as much pressure on
them and that's why all these companies
that's why Gillette's making those razor
commercials and shit cuz they're scared
of that side yeah you see the Gillette
razor commercial where they is it the
Gillette one where the two firemen kiss
I don't think who are you going for like
you know what we want to fight fires now
but it was like I get it you're
progressive it's like this this
goddamnit
know what the commercial expensive
though isn't it like dude if you buy
into that like like oh my god I'm so
happy this company is is Woking you're
just a market they're just taking
advantage of you they're trying to make
money off of you sort of but it's also
hot there's like hot fireman and
efficient and they're making out and
they you know the guy comes back from a
fire and he's ready to get some dick
right now holla it looks fun he's a hero
as long as my lesbians so they're trying
to sell you insurance or whatever the
fuck there who did the commercial but I
remember saying okay we're being
progressive I love it why not I don't
give a shit go for it I just find it
weird I find it strange the woke
capitalism thing that people that
companies will take a position that you
think would turn off like 50% of the
people who buy from them but don't they
do it to prove their
there I don't know goodness yeah but it
doesn't hurt does it hurt like does
anybody go fuck Blue Cross I'm getting
my fucking insurance from that people
are lazy brought whatever whatever the
cheapest option is they're buying that
it's like the Equinox thing that just
happened nobody's fucking leaving
Equinox let me tell you something
there's no other option it's convenient
you got your fucking gym membership a
handful of people or virtue signaling
but all the people complaining saying
boycott Equinox online they're not
fucking Equinox members they're fucking
one of the owners was a trump supporter
he gave money that's right he held a
fundraiser last week for Trump so people
were freaking out saying to boycott the
brand but it's like where else you're
gonna go there's not another high-end
gym that's all over the place like no
phrase are the exact same political
beliefs business it's like if I go if I
go to buy a sandwich do I have to go
like so where were you on the Iraq war
no okay let me say you know it's a
company that preys on your laziness is
the insurance that you get through like
sag-aftra
mm-hmm they like it's that you know you
get it for free if you qualify and then
when you don't qualify for it you're
still enrolled in it and it's like the
most expensive insurance does that make
sense you know I mean like and then kind
of praying that kind of got me almost in
that way where a year where I it wasn't
taking care of I was like well I don't
want to switch out and then have any
doctors that you know I mean like me to
be different so they they kind of get
you like that do this Trump thing is
that give if you support anything that
he does even in just as business
practices then you're racist like
everything that you support if he
supports it you're racist yeah it's
crazy
you're not see you're racist and when
somebody cause you're racist or not see
and even people that don't believe that
they don't want to stand with you and
defend you because then they're being
perceived as defending or racist or Nazi
and it's a trick and it's very effective
juicy so popper I don't know why this
guy supports Trump but maybe he could
explain it right and he's a real estate
guy
he's a big real estate guy related
properties he is nothing to this Jim
okay this has to do with the fact that
he probably has real estate deals that
for a very very long time with Trump and
his gym is inconsequential compared to
the billion-dollar company that he runs
well that makes sense then that makes
sense why he would support Trump
especially if he knows Trump but it's uh
if you if you
can't see that I mean if you have a
problem with that and many people would
write many people would have a sarong
with that like that's a different thing
but if you if you if you hear what
people are saying they're saying if you
support Trump that you support races so
you support white nationalists you put
and I think you're leaving so many
people out of the conversation when you
do that oh yeah I mean the guy got was
sixty-two million people to vote for him
so if you're saying anyone who supports
him is some type of Nazi white
nationalist then we got bigger problems
shouldn't break up no one knows that
definition of those things anymore when
Miley you stood about Milo when he came
on the things he was called that just
like yeah on paper couldn't even apply
to be right would never be accepted into
being a Nazi or white surprised you guys
remember when we were kids we read about
McCarthyism and the Red Scare we always
thought like god we're past that
that kind of shit's never gonna happen
again but what that is is like a symptom
of people worried about people defecting
from their tribe or turning on their
tribe and we we have this like built-in
fear of this kind of shit happening well
there's that aspect to it right it's the
people who are worried about people
defecting and then you have the
opportunists who can play off that go
instead of having a win an argument or
having to you know like convince people
I'm just gonna say you're with the other
tribe you're in this bad group so you're
don't even talk to that person yeah even
listen to what they have to say and if
you're and subscribe on every issue
you're a fuckin dolt I was gonna say why
do you have to be so defined by your
true well you know I mean like I would
love to hear the argument about the the
but what it does good for him for his
real estate ventures I would love to
hear it like an honestly laid out
argument of why someone like Trump's
better if you're a real estate developer
and it might be a significant part of
his business yeah not being an apologize
any mind people all people also will
just like there's this weird thing where
people think that business owners and
people that make a lot of money are
inherently bad but it's like all right
dude just cuz somebody is really good
and really successful he's got kids he
wants to feed he has grandkids he wants
to watch grow up and go to college it's
like I don't know I don't think this is
necessarily just bad people that have a
lot of money I think that there's a lot
of good people that have a lot of money
as well and I think they do a lot of
good shit
why I've just you know whenever someone
gets really upset about an issue
you always have to wonder like how much
of it going in there was I mean what
what is upsetting to you is upsetting to
you that anyone who supports Trump the
Trump represents all the things that are
wrong with America today in terms like
white nationalists and terrorist attacks
mass shootings and and and and misogyny
yeah massage they keeping the immigrants
out of being mean and be in America
first like fuck it's uh it's one of
those things today where if you if you
support any part of that any part of
even if it's good for your business
you're just a magnet for fucking people
are angry at all the things though that
whole list was a chick-fil-a
McDonald's like electricity a lot of big
businesses support Trump but it's so
weird how people like project their own
thing onto the situation because even
like that you just said like what
everyone hates about Trump but the
people who support Trump they're not
even on the other side of those issues
it's not like they're like no we are pro
white nationalists they just see him as
a completely different thing they're
like making the country great and jobs
and draining the swamp and all these
other things like they people are
looking at the same thing and seeing
very different realities
yeah yeah they are and people are going
in with their preconceived bias and
getting them confirmed you know with
everything even with the way you looked
at the Mueller report like the
Republicans looked at as a victory and
the Democrats looked at as some sort of
like an open door to impeachment yeah
but that was I don't know this fucking
if the thing starts off with every day
you're hearing on the news that the
president is colluding with a hostile
foreign power he's a Russian puppet he's
working with Vladimir Putin and then by
the end you're like we have to impeach
him because he thought about obstructing
the investigation that he was declared
not guilty and it's like this is getting
weird you guys were gonna be upset no
matter what you found hundred percent
left Trump aids team trying to say
sounds like he does they just
Trump I'm going hard not see this time
I'm not coming back on the show I'm
going hard this time it's the fucked up
part is only having really two choices
like we're scrambling to see whose
choice number two who's going to be the
one that opposes Trump and you've seen
people starting to crack under pressure
like re-entry pressure whoa they try to
figure out who's gonna be Ben Gleib
maybe imagine we all get doubted them
gets through and becomes president will
be fucked when you look at the people
that are in line though does anybody
stand out that you would think that
would be able to well I don't I don't
know how much of a realistic shot but
who I I loved Tulsi Gabbard I sent her
money twice already and I disagree with
her on like 80% of her shit I was a
really interesting person she very she
really is and her she's dead on about
the war stuff and she's you know yeah
about Medicare
she's dead on about a lot of things well
she's kind of hot fuck yeah didn't agree
with something with Medicare no I don't
like her Medicare stuff but I do like
the most important thing that she leads
with is the war stuff and she's she's
got a great position where she's like
did two tours in Iraq she's still active
duty and so you know like the the normal
like come back is like oh you're against
the wars it's like well you're just kind
of a wimp or you're you wouldn't want to
protect the country and she's like no
asshole I actually went I'm the one
who's willing to go die for this and I'm
telling you we shouldn't be dying for
this and what did she do what was her
job over there though oh she was it was
serious she was like in a medical unit
so she was like dealing with the people
who actually were tree though she was an
edge of tomorrow Tom Cruise it was her
job to clean up the DVDs that's a hot
subject right women in combat yeah I got
a bunch of shit about saying making
jokes about a sing that I understand
what a girl I watch the show cops a lot
not understand what a girl cop has ever
done in a situation that's hostile
except for make the the perp get much
more hurt shot or tased because she's in
the way of it happening and people got
really upset about me saying that but it
really
I don't understand why you'd send like a
woman to like you know a major fight
happening at the mall get down there
ladies it really is like a physical Pro
that with some cops the physical aspect
of an altercation is like it's gonna be
a real problem yeah it doesn't have to
be a female thing you can just say you
can't have a hundred and ten pound
person go and be the physical Authority
in the situation I'm gonna call you a
chick search is a terrible video of this
guy getting pulled over by this lady and
his daughter is in the car and the guy
was a criminal apparently in the the cop
was calling in and the guy punches her
and gets her down on the garage he
knocks her out clothes an old video yeah
and starts punching her face and while
she and the daughter scream and stop it
daddy stop it daddy and he beats the
fuck out of this lady cop yeah any like
this is why if you problem this lady
cops by herself and she's got a gun but
she doesn't have the gun out of the
holster pointed out she's it's a routine
traffic stop and that guy pummels her
man it's horrible yeah it's a really me
saying the idea is not like fuck chicks
I'm just like don't send them out to get
hurt and I don't understand why this is
your daughter and you saw your daughter
beaten oh my god because someone thought
it was okay for her to be by herself
amongst you know big giant criminals
technically they don't match up female
cops though right I'm assuming most of
the time they put a girl by herself
that's all you could be on patrol by
yourself life is like walking around a
neighborhood or something sure I've seen
videos where it's like a dude and a
chick partners and the cop gets in a
fight with another guy and it's
basically just two men fighting with
this woman kind of grabbing an arm here
or there it's almost behind yeah
she might try to hit the guy with a
breakin - you bring the mace it herself
part in that job - I've seen but I think
any small a permit or a man any person
who's you know not a large person who's
not physically strong as by themselves
as a cop is in danger anyone doesn't
matter if you're male or 150 pound
absolutely same deal you're in trouble
unless you're really good martial
artists you can grab a gun quickly know
how to respond to pressure like 99% of
women I could take a gun right out of
their hands I have no I have no training
don't give me a check you can point a
gun right at my head but that said I'm
gonna all the time I'm fucking taking an
important writer back at her I should
make clear that I myself I'm no word I'm
nowhere near as tough as I think you
should you should need to be to be a cop
oh yeah yeah I mean I would never assume
that of myself either so I'm not like
saying it dude
I've been doing martial arts my whole
life I wouldn't want to be a cop I don't
want to be a cop it's a crazy situation
it's hard it's a hard job it's dangerous
you're supposed to have to be brave well
not only that man do you know how much
PTSD those guys are dealing with that is
unrecognized if everyday you're pulling
people over that might shoot you every
day you're dealing with someone who's
robbing something or stealing something
or trying to kill somebody or did kill
somebody every fucking day I see a lot
of cops and shit though some of them
work but look you're wearing a uniform
that makes you the enemy you're also the
person with power and you've got to
realize how fucking corrupt that is that
you're able to yell at people and force
people in these situations and cuff them
and fuck with them and you got to know
when to a public like nastiness because
they can yeah guys guys do walk their
way I get a personal way if you're just
blocking their path we're a normal
person would go excuse me guys because
there were walk guys walk but sometimes
they don't have typically benefit of the
doubt right there they're in Times
Square they're dealing with a lot of
people there's just not time for the
Damona circumstances I'm talking about
in just a thing like that the same way
they put on their lights to go through a
red light just to get because they don't
want to
yeah have you seen of course that's just
it's being human beings don't do well
with Authority mixed with impunity so
like a cop can say that to you and
nothing happens yeah if there's no
repercussions and you have power I had a
job as a security guard for a brief
moment in time when I was like 19 years
old and there was an us-versus-them
mentality between the security and the
people with the concert goers that was
clearly evident one of the first days I
was working there this guy's name was
alley cat security and some dude had
stole one of the golf carts so the golf
cart mundum electric golf carts were
security so they tackle this dude off
the golf cart and he smashes him in the
head with a fucking walkie-talkie it's
like a crazy fight with some drunken
asshole who's like violent and stole a
golf cart that was like the first day
their first or second day there on the
job I was like okay so this is what's
going on and you it became people trying
to sneak booze into great woods and then
us and then so is this us versus them
mentality and everybody was lying to you
and that was a silliest job I'm doing
security at a fucking Bill Cosby Show
literally I was doing security I was
taking people's booze you know what did
you let happen asleep on the job
hilarious it's such a you know it's such
a simple little job it's easy there's no
criminals there there's no bank robbers
there there's no murders that the women
are just that little situation of us
versus them with the liquor and them
trying to smuggle in pot and liquor just
that led to this huge fucking rift
between the security people and the way
they because it's too much of a human
emotion in it that something should be a
job because what is even if you don't
care if people when you're not working
you're trying to get beer and weed into
a concert it's just that these are your
opponents right now and they're trying
to fuck with you even though there's
some of you were like you're going I
don't care if you guys smoke weed you're
like no but I have to say you can't
smoke weed and then when they do it
anyway like I just fucking said you
can't
Rookwood it's like testing your manhood
all human emotion in that will be
unaffected Kanna about that experiment
what college was it's like a famous
story
it's Princeton the best in prison or no
Stanford experiments you know I've read
something debunking me - yeah they said
the methodology was all wrong on it or
slightly it's not a legit study they
also said that people were doing things
just to end the study quickly because I
wanted to go home yeah they broke that
down they'd they showed that side of it
when they were like the then they said I
guess the guy who made the experiment
said yeah it's it's a wash the end of it
was like it wasn't actually good data
but it was interesting and I do believe
that yeah students pretended to be some
pretend to be criminals sometimes they
started getting power positions go and
the interesting things is that the
professor becomes like the warden you
know he gets into it - like they cut
that they show that they got it on video
and something he's like walking around
with his chest out and he's all in it's
just people get they fall into these
roles into these camps and the authority
goes to people's head it may it creates
a weird dynamic think about how many
dickhead cops people have met right yeah
but that's just a thing that happens
well she's a woman but it also makes it
very nice when you run into friendly
cops yeah what a good dude it's almost
like training the human interaction so
they're there when they act like a dick
and people act a certain way and they
move and they get a little bit nervous
it's like oh that's like intoxicating
they're like ah that feels good that
power about no repercussions for your
behavior the way you're talking you
could just do that with impunity that's
you just nailed it that's exactly what
it is that's not a normal situation for
people it's well that's I mean just it's
state vers business if you ask here we
go look if you walk into the Apple Store
or you are get they can't do that
because you're a voluntary customer so
if they treat you the wrong way there's
a repercussion right there walk out is
course with yes lack dudes yeah how
they're homeless camps now
not shooting people cellphones has
become the great equalizer because now
you see cops there they're on it walking
on eggshells dude their cell phones now
I'm going what up bitch ass pussy cop
that's like well I guess I'm a bit
chattery reserva shoot you in the
stomach
dude do you see the the video in New
York with her throwing water on the cops
that cops just aren't doing shit I don't
know I think I was I might have been in
Harlem or say isn't like a bad
neighborhood in New York they're dumping
water on the cops and everyone's got a
cell phone camera on them and you know
in any other period of time throwing
water balloons Ataman shit and they're
just sitting there like we know I'm
gonna be in the news tomorrow I'm gonna
be you know what I mean like they've
been doing things a certain way for so
long I'm so close to do you guys ever
see the 75 yeah yeah excellent
is he likeable
yeah very nice guy what's his name
Michael Dowd is that Mike lowdown
Michael Dowd I didn't see it it's a
excellent
it's doubt it's doubt yeah you know he's
great he's a really nice guy I mean
super open and honest about what
happened and the documentaries fucking
compelling shit yeah and you realize
that how much of it was true he's never
more full always I find that's why I
find unlikable he's not remorseful
I think he's remorseful yes look boys
just doing coke all day long every day
as a cop and and and you know making all
this money and drive the Corvette he was
out of control and he was on the area
where he was the 75th precinct I think
it's East New York Brooklyn at the
height of like the New York this was
like the murder yeah neighborhood
capital like it was it was a wild thing
but they get up in the air
a lot of those murders that's what I
think is like crazy about like they were
all they weren't never they were never
convicted of a murder right there was no
I think admittedly that he was kind of
he's like me of course like there was a
talk about doing one right yeah yeah
never happened the whole fucking thing
is crazy but what it tells you I mean
forget about perps are judgments on you
know the people that were in it what
tells you that this can happen that
someone that just becomes a cop to get
on the force if it's a bad force worked
it was at the time with him and he's
seen corruption from day one I mean it
was just like he was roped into it like
right away when you listen to his story
it's pretty fucking compelling yeah I
was like the first day on the job like
something happened they threw a guy off
a building or something like that but
take a person I don't remember yeah but
it was and then there's that you could
take yeah you're like I can just have
that no one will know there's 50 G's
here I could just take this home and
like oh we didn't find it it's very it's
very telling of the personality that
becomes a cop though because they're not
even worried that people are gonna it's
amazing today there's no one whistle
blows so much earlier than that because
one person comes in goes no guys we're
supposed to be fuckin believing in this
badge and what we do you know I mean no
they all go what do we do I'll be good
cops or bad cops you ever robbing drug
dealers like I'll do that we'll do that
so I don't think that honestly to be
honest I have almost no problem with
cops skimming off the top from drug
dealer money just give you to the
government why does it governor make it
to have the money on these cops you wait
a minute not if they're arresting people
for drugs
yeah look if you're gonna do that you're
gonna just ignore everyone else who
selling coke okay but if you're gonna do
that and arrest people for selling coke
then you're a criminal then you're like
you should be arrested yeah that that's
the repercussion I don't have a a moral
issue with it if he found fifty thousand
dollars only reported forty thousand put
ten thousand dollars in his pocket
brought her home to his wife and kids I
don't really have a moral issue with
what if he brought it home and just
fucking pay for his backed up like porn
bill or something we just brought him
the fuck around no Jay they won't let
you go that long yeah look I uh
stated there's fees he got arrested I
wouldn't go up poor fucking guy oh yeah
that's the price you pay you committed a
crime that but from like my personal
perspective I don't think he's a piece
of shit I don't think it's a bad person
I think it's probably stupid if he
doesn't look the cycle of people and
drugs is never-ending it will go on to
the end of time the cycle of making
drugs illegal and propping up gigantic
criminal enterprises because that is
also as old as we've had laws as long as
we've had laws that people breaking
those laws if those laws exist because
someone wants to control people's
behavior in a way that people don't want
folks are gonna find a workaround
empowers the Mexican cartels right now
and the Mexican cartels are a huge
source of fear for people who live in
the border towns there's a huge source
of fear for people that are forced to be
in communities and it's propped up
because drugs are illegal nobody seems
to want to recognize that it's one of
those ugly things about being a human
that like people want drugs
and you can't tell them they can't have
what they want
yeah especially since immigration became
such a huge thing that everyone's
talking about and that's like the
biggest part of it that no one talks
about is like the violence and it's like
well there's people on this side of this
line who want the drugs there's people
on this out of the one who have the
drugs and even with all the shit you're
doing they're still trading them to each
other so do you really think maybe we
should just let him do it
we're in but here's the thing we don't
want anybody to do it rightly so I mean
luckily know what you don't want anybody
running around doing heroin yeah nobody
gets through that goes it was amazing it
was my best one of my best moments in
life is what I was addicted to heroin
yeah but even if you do it one time I
bet it's pretty fucking bail it's
amazing just one hard to let it go
well it's probably fucking incredible
Lenny Bruce had some crazy description
of it about something about being hugged
by an angel or something yeah Mike just
uh Mike Latta who died half years ago in
New York comic here to joke he was like
he was like you know great heroin is
it's like taking a bath in a pool full
of kittens
I was a mess Kurt Metzger had that joke
about it where he says uh when the
families of people go I don't understand
why he would do heroin he's got a family
that loves him and kids who look up to
him in love like why would he do heroin
when I tell her family like you're just
so close to the answer yeah but I mean I
don't think people should do it but make
it illegal it's not they're not gonna
stop doing it the question would be
would people do more of it if it was
legal if you could just go to a drug
store the same way you go to a liquor
store and the drug store was actually a
drug store we could just go buy coke and
they might well look in LA I do think
more people are smoking weed for sure
since weed became legal like I'd be my
rest I don't actually what the date is
I'm sure yeah that's fine but uh but
even if that's the case I don't know if
that's the answer because let's say even
slightly more people did heroin hold on
wait less people got murdered what's
that what your heroin the people smoke
weed more since legalization well that
was the most hilarious
it's gotten cheaper it's easier to get
it's better it's more fun it's in candy
form it's in fucking yeah yeah it was in
eighteen I think 18 year old is more
likely to it definitely give it a try
versus maybe would have what I got for
the first time I was 17 years old I had
up my uncle Raymond buy it for us he
skimmed off the bag I remember and he
was a fucking dime bag and me and my two
best friends we smoked a joint before we
were going to see System of a Down
Incubus and mr. bungle that's no quarter
Rican so what your uncle like two years
older than you we the night before we
want to smoke and it took us we there
was no way to get it we were trying to
find weed for so long because we weren't
in that world the first time you go to
get weed if you could just go to a store
and pick it up and it's fun and you know
it's like a meta mall I mean yeah I
guess I mean astronomical but you know I
love weed so I'm not hatin it's great
well it was hard to get on the East
Coast it mean it's just trickier out
here no but
the 90s once they passed those laws for
medical everybody had a medical card
it's not hard to get at all the doctors
were extremely inscrutable in their
prescriptions now so everybody's had
weed out here since the fucking 90s yeah
like strong strong easy to get Yemen now
they don't shit if you smoke like
outside you can smell that you're
smoking like a cigarette now in the
night no I don't think you get smoking
outside it's still think you have to be
indoors I think smoking outside the
problem is other people can smell it and
you're not supposed to do that yeah I
mean in Denver it's like nine feet from
an entrance you could say I smoked vape
I mean everywhere inside of a movie
theater as I'm walking through a mall I
go to the bathroom at the airport and I
smoke yes that's what ethnics do they
challenged everyone by being big and
alpha in a place like Starbucks
yeah I'm smoking what next he only keeps
me around so he could be racist what do
you mean my dentist is black dances be
hilarious snoops got diamond lower teeth
now Snoop Dogg Ivan started or like them
creative dog old grilled diamond
earrings that I was he's in this video
he's driving around on his Instagram in
a Lamborghini with diamond lower teeth
50 years old diamond teeth he's living
it man
all for sure doesn't give a fuck he
spends most of his time getting furious
at video games online
does he yeah he just yells about mad
like for a minute right he was
commentating like with your lyric they
would drink and watch the fight so he
was drinking liked angering smoking
joints and these was tough because what
it was was there was some commentary
that he did just independently on one
fight and it was so hilarious because
he's so animated screaming and yelling
about this fight that everybody thought
like wow I wouldn't be great if there
was an option to watch the Snoop Dogg
commentary yeah that's right and it was
probably no watch but I assume it was
fucking horrific going north south
dis or dismiss yeah they just the I
guess the bored with it they got bored
doing it or something I don't know it
stopped maybe was fuckin busy he doesn't
have time to be doing it he's like Mike
Tyson too in the sense that I just I
remember when he was like scary yeah oh
that's right it was a call before it was
call be okay he thought it was he
thought it was yeah but it was a man
from a completely different part of the
world yep drop that it was cold
holy shit he was getting some booze the
other night huh
dude that guy hears cha-ching yep when
those people are booing charging its
emotion did emotion you want to get the
emotion I people whether it was good or
bad it doesn't fucking matter they want
to see him fight and they want to see
him lose he's going he'll he went he'll
yes and he's a good guy I'm telling you
I know that guy I've met him outside of
this crazy thing that he's doing and
this crazy thing that he's doing came
about when he was like on the verge of
getting cut and people didn't like his
style
and so he went hard he'll when he fought
Damien mind he went hard yeah well jail
did a similar thing she'll wasn't the
big mouth guy back in the day no he was
not yeah in one day that he's gonna be
that dude it wasn't right at the
anderson fight fucking great marketing
this is smart very smart and kalbi -
it's like el Bosso colby he something
happened as well he's really exciting
dude that last fight that last fight was
incredible dude but yeah Colby is
definitely it's contrived I appreciate
the effort but you know effective see
the thing about it being contrived is it
makes it obvious that he's putting on a
show yeah but the thing is that putting
on a show is fucking he's ruthless he
fucks with people's heads legitimately
like they do not want to lose to him and
then when you get inside the Octagon
he's really fucking good like really
yeah I didn't realize how good he was
you see the amount of strikes that they
all volume and then he's an unbelievable
wrestling it's a really really
really tough matchup for anybody and
Colby is it is a you know an act and it
is pro wrestling he puts on the Trump
hat and people I mean people to see that
hat and they lose their fuckin mind and
heat rolls half the country and it's a
similar thing with the other with them
when businesses do it I'm going like
guys don't be rubes like it's very
obvious that it's just an act and if
you're a fan of mixed martial arts you
have to appreciate the fact that some
guys are taking chances and trying to
generate interest you can every guy
can't just be put on a suit and be
straight first and yeah I respect my
opponent at some point you want to go a
little story yeah yeah I mean he makes
juicier but the bottom line is we put
all that shit aside and just look at
what he's doing you look at who he's
doing it that guy is extraordinary
yeah like the fact that he could do that
to Robbie Lawler completely shut down
his offense and just put a beating on
just stay on top of them never in
minire never give him any air the pace
is smothering and if striking looked
really very good I mean very very shot
takes a shot great and his cardio is off
the fucking charts oh yeah yeah it's
that that whole 170 right now that whole
division is looking crazy right now
amazing yeah Nate Diaz being back in the
mix and Mazda the Mazda on Nate seems
like just like if you're a fan of just
like if you're from a poor neighborhood
that is like the the superstar match I
like a group it's too shitty like
environment it's like that was like the
perfect who hood rat fucking guys who
are gonna talk shit they're gonna go in
there and fight god it's so awesome that
make so much money that's gonna be so
giant well it was cool that Dana White
at the post-fight press conference he
got asked because you know he had
famously said I think once that Nate
Diaz doesn't move the needle or
something like along those I was doing
negotiation yeah I'm sure it was but he
basically said he goes I think Nate
besides a Conor and Ronda Rousey is like
about as big a star as MMA has like they
did crazy good numbers everyone the
arena was going nuts for him he was he
walked out yesterday or Saturday night
when he walked out the fucking place
roared
I mean as loud as anybody as loud as any
main event person whether it's Steve a
or DC Nate Diaz got the biggest roar and
then he had a great performance
well even leading up to it people were
talking about Nate coming back more than
they were talking about the heavyweight
title I don't think I don't think some
people in the UFC realize how big a star
he really is I think they thought that
the Conor fight Conor was the big star
Nate beat'em the Conor won the second
fight Conor still remains the big
superstar I think Nate is equally as big
a star but I think that Erica is Conor's
maybe you know Worldwide's like but in
America Nate Diaz is a giant fucking
star not as big as Conor but a tier
below maybe you have to say he won the
two fights I mean if you take who would
you rather be in the two fights I mean
he choked Conor out facedown in the
first one and then had like a razor
close unbelievable great fight the
second time so I mean he comes out of
that looking pretty good yeah but I
think it's a testament to how popular
Conor is because that's the fucking
Conor shine and it was a dance and Nate
brought it and Nate has that story the
one-on-one fight it's turned him into
this star button if he never danced with
Conor would he be that big - no I don't
know you know that because Nate was
awesome four years before the double
middle fingers like there's so many
moments where you could where you're
like I get goosebumps thinking about
maybe what's right if that's your
favorite part when it's like these are
the fingers double fingers and flexed
you losing that fight - yeah the Donald
Cerrone fight third round they come out
they're so fuckin good dude Nate's once
again it's just you don't have to be a
mixed martial arts man he's gonna be a
human and go like that they fucking
fighter that is something that everyone
wants to watch well I hope he makes an
actual belt because he's going to say
he's got the baddest motherfucker in the
game belt then who wants to defend you
know who wants to be next to challenge
for the baddest motherfucker in the game
belt and I love that I love that that's
his marketing strategy he should really
legitimately get a belt made up yeah
baddest motherfucker in the game I'm
sure something like old UFC belt UFC
isn't using that old belt anymore come
on you have a bet UFC baddest
motherfucker in the game belt and just
just just change the outside a little
bit was he smoking weed for real yeah
in the open workouts is he gonna get in
trouble no no no it's totally legal in
California and when you test you have to
literally be high while you're fighting
for you to test positive you saw it
dropped it all way way down great
well so many people use it to sleep so
many people use it for pain relief spur
ticularly with CBD when it's one to one
this like these are these are one to one
THC and CBD and they think that it's
actually more effective for both it
actually comes you down a little bit
with the CBD along with the THC so it
may it might actually alleviate some
anxiety that's associated with getting
too high
wouldn't that make sense because that's
how it comes in the plant right is like
both parts well yeah yeah I guess except
is I think CBD it doesn't come in as big
so to get one in one you know okay you
know you smoke a joint how much CBD
you're smoking I have no idea I have no
clue do you even get CBD when you just
smoked it you have never heard of CBD
until it wasn't in the joint anymore
yeah myself well T THC is one of many
many cannabinoids right isn't there like
19 of them or something crazy like that
does that what is jam 18 yeah that's I
think the plant itself is what's magic
it's a crazy goddamn plant that we're
finally getting to appreciate and still
there's a lot of places where you still
have to buy hemp from Canada like
large-scale hemp production hasn't
really like caught on with a good
percentage of his country so I used to
be looking to one the major crops that
people would grow you can make clothes
out of it you could eat it it makes this
shit called a hemp creep it's like this
is the same ly durable concrete that's
made with hemp it's a fuckin nutty plant
man it really is like the stock of a
hemp tree like my friend Todd McCormick
had one sitting on his desk once and you
pick it up it's like what is this from
another world it's hard like coke hard
but light is balsa wood light is
styrofoam wait does that have any
different than weed no no I mean there's
just the difference is hemp is not
psychoactive it's like a psychoactive
form of the same sort of kind of plants
but regular marijuana also is hemp right
because what hemp is is the fibers so
what we're using to get high is the buds
rather stems all the other leaves and
shed but the fiber of the plan itself is
insanely durable and really light and
that's the shit they turn into clothes
into string into all this into paper
canvas the first canvas was made with
hemp all that stuff that's why I was can
that then the word cannabis or canvas
comes from cannabis that's that's why
it's called canvas but they did
everything with him but it's just hard
to do manly stuff to beat it down like
the slave labor most of the time and
then the nineteen thirty some dude came
up with something called a decor Decatur
it is a machine where you could
effectively process the hemp fiber and
that's when they started going crazy
with the reefer madness shed it was all
in economics uh-huh jazz
everybody was already doing it I mean
that was that was something that was a
normal thing with people it was it
wasn't until they decided to make it
illegal but it became this weird fucking
thing that nobody could nobody could do
something that they've been doing for so
long before where they made aren't they
making mushrooms and acid legal
somewhere in the day and by the way
there were a me Oh judge fucking
heavyweight champ of the world is called
sorrow shit named Robin yeah he looks
very good one fuck with a crazy fight
wow did I read that somewhere there may
be their doughnut maybe I mean that guy
who's like a rocky movie just to change
yeah the turn and that fight was so
crazy
look DC's my very good friend I love him
to death I love that guy it's hard it's
hard watching a friend that you really
love his ass kicked and that's what
happened he was looking great yeah he
was really great he was look he's he's
an awesome person man I love that dude
and doing commentary with him it's the
most hilarious fun time he's such a good
guy it's great commentary he's very very
articulate and smart he's one of the
bests that does it and uh yeah dude it
sucks it's just you see that you see the
pain on his face when he loses a fight
he does not like losing he is not
doesn't but needed a steep you know I
mean and this is what that's what it's
all about those two guys I have deep
respect for Steve Bay - I've been I was
saying forever that I thought it was
fucked up that he was not gonna get a
title shot not gonna get a rematch and
said they're gonna have him fight Brock
Lesnar I'm like the
is supposed to be steep a he was the
most successful heavyweight ever won
four title fights won the title and then
defended it three times no one's ever
done that before right so that was the
Giant in the guys he beat were fucking
really good it's not just prime it'd be
one thing if you said you know he got
knocked out in the first round so we're
gonna give the first crack to this
number one contender who's like on it on
a tear something but to just say Brock
Lesnar yeah because this is a big it was
it was the most naked example of this is
just for pay-per-view buys that kind of
sucks for for eBay yeah it sucks for
Steve back and I'm glad it didn't didn't
happen I'm glad that steep a got his
chance because just out of respect for
the sport and respect for the the true
champions of the sport like doesn't
matter what marketability or not that
guy is a the best champion that's ever
been in the game he's the best
heavyweight champion of all time so like
did not recognize that and not like that
should be a big deal no I agree do
people that should be the fight but the
money of the Brock Lesnar fight would
have been so immense of your company
that makes entertainment this is why
it's kind of like the UFC in some ways
there's a marriage of entertainment and
of sport that has to be yeah I mean the
people are the ones who are buying the
paper who's in shape for it so yeah and
what's good for the goose is good for
the gander because you get Brock Lesnar
to come on a card you get massive
massive eyes on it and then you get you
know every time you do that there's a
percentage of people who stay fans and
become hardcore fans and tell people
about it and there's there's real value
there for everybody so yeah but the
heavyweight championship of the world
it's supposed to be the most prestigious
and you don't see that in any other
sport where a guy will you know be
coming off a loss before years removed
you know test positive for steroids and
then just get a title shot yeah and yeah
that's a way of putting it yeah that
does a good very good point what I want
to see more even than the DC thing I
want to see Francis and gun or steep a
two because Francis and Gahan who just
destroyed Kane and Junior dos Santos who
if you guys remember just a few years
ago those were the guys that's the
heavyweight division and he just
destroyed both of them he looks like he
got his confidence back he looks like
you know like
I want to see that rematch yeah I'm uh
I'm terrified for everybody who gets in
the Octagon every time he fights
somebody I'm like yeah cuz I remember I
remember I still have like shell-shocked
for watching Alistair Overeem get hit
with that left hook I remember that was
the hardest knockout I've ever seen I
remember Ken like no one's gonna survive
that it looked like the back of Alistair
Overeem's had touched his ankles I was
like no one everyone's going out from
that everyone's going out called that's
the heavyweights you have to like have
so much respect because it's like holy
shit dude like you're getting in there
and it's just like at any moment you're
just gone you know I mean I'd rather
fight a heavyweight then like 135
pounder though just to be a thousand
times in the head that's the punch bro
there should be a t-shirt like just a
silhouette it's interesting you say that
with DC where you're like I just know in
like in as like as little as we know
Mickey Gaul as much like we've been
friends with him for a short amount of
time even like when he fights there's
some different like stakes on it as a
buddy you're like and you don't see that
ally and you're calling it like you
can't like put my chart for me when
cowboy fights I root against this bar
actually really hard when Brendan was
finding I was hard cuz I'm real tight
with him mm-hmm
we're really good friends and when he
wasn't really doing it anymore he was
still in it but he wasn't really like a
hundred percent end he was thinking
about other things he was thinking about
when he gets out it wasn't it didn't
have the same focus and intensity and
training as used to that's hard that's
not the sport to do that ya know it's
hard
whenever you thinking about getting out
get out get out because there's people
that aren't thinking about get now and
you got to think about what we were
talking about earlier Mike Tyson is
prime angry at everything like if you're
thinking about getting out and you run
in front of a guy like that you know or
a girl like that there's this female
kick boxers that are like that too
they're just fucking vicious man and
they're waiting you think you're half in
half out thinking about cheerleading
Wham chin to the face you know you gotta
be saying at the end Brendon could have
been beaten by a woman yes
am i following you crap the fucking
highest levels of any combat sport you
have to be all in I don't think I don't
think that's something you could dabble
in it's a hard thing that because I
think in MMA like you know luckily
brendan is a you know podcaster comedian
I think a lot of other guys they don't
have the same but they could do other
stuff like tyron woodley is rapping
tyron woodley as businesses I know he's
doing something with CBD I know God he
did a record with Wiz Khalifa I know he
does a lot of TMZ stuff we he's a funny
dude I think you have to become the ally
look tyrants smart champion though it's
like that he has a huge news but he
still he's working see he lost his title
to Iran but yet he's still doing all
these other things of course but I think
it's easier when you when you have that
name you're a former UFC champion I
think that alone will probably sort of
set you up as long as you're not
officially idiot for the rest of your
life but they're guys that never get to
that very very top and if they don't
sort of set themselves up for afterwards
they're gonna you know when you think
about get down you're like shit do the
reason they take those fights what was
that one documentary I saw where the guy
was like you've got like crazy brain
injuries and his family was just like -
don't take another fight and he still
had to take it he's had to pay the bills
and it was just like there was just no
other option he was like barely making
money at a gym so that's the thing where
it's like is a sport where you're all in
and then once the kind of shit hits the
fan it reminds with comedy cuz like it
takes minimum five to ten years to
figure out if you're gonna even be good
enough to do it professionally right and
then at that point it's your whole life
this is why you never see people
quitting nobody quits do you see a lot
of people with it maybe they start it
like 20 and like by 30 they're 10 years
in and if it's not working out for you
you took the 10 years when you were
supposed to be figuring out where the
trajectory of like everyone you knew
from high school figured out a job got a
house got matter what have you age that
now because in you could do comedy for
six months and have a youtube video that
makes you where you can make 25 grand on
a Sunday doing it one Sunday show at an
improv but have you watched that guy's
YouTube channel that doesn't happen to
us not that rare I think it's rare that
there's you know guys are doing comedy
for six months that are made no six much
you're sure the extreme example yeah for
sure it should mean anything to us no no
it doesn't
say I'm just making a point that it's
not really there's so many alternate now
yeah but I'm saying even when Lewis said
like I agree
technically in like the the the growth
of someone like 10 years in they've got
their legs under them a good Nick now
they can start figuring out what their
directions gonna be exactly and find
their market that's how you become a go
home great comic hopefully you know but
like you can get popular and have to
work under the pressure of a sold-out
theater at three years in the comedy
that is crazy that's crazy I couldn't I
couldn't Charlie might possibly imagine
that doing to you Charlie Murphy did it
even more insane way he was famous first
yeah and then he became an open mic er
that's that's got to be challenged a lot
sold out shows all he practices all he's
doing giant shows right where
everybody's coming to see him and
Donnell and all these other Donald's
like kill her by the way yeah he's going
up with like monsters in the Chappelle
show Jeremy Piven hello Jeremy Piven
Brendan Brendan was a star when he
started doing comedy he was already
known very now yes he's already known as
a UFC fighter yeah but what Charlie
Murphy did was do like these sold-out
fucking shows and he was practicing yeah
like you mean I don't think I don't know
how much time he spent before he went up
on stage the first time like knowing
that he was gonna do stand-up what was
the only it was also famous from the
Chappelle show and from two of the
greatest comedy sketches ever done that
Dave Chappelle was acting out for him
and they were so funny and so that his
biography any expectation when you go in
is like I'm going to see like the
greatest comedian in the country and
he's doing like his third set that's
that's crazy
comedy is the only art form that you
practice in front of the audience
there's nothing else to you hand you
have to the only way to do it is to
practice your doubts painters apartment
and watch them
everyone else gets to master their craft
by themselves in a fuck whatever it
could be mixed martial arts in a gym it
could be in a garage or in a band
whatever it is everyone else gets to
figure it out but we from moment one is
this naked thing we're like alright well
I mean and it's so douchey I think back
to the first time like what fuckers have
an asshole would even give it a shot
officer Stein it's like going hey I just
wrote this song today and they got well
fucking sucks we just go at the end of
it go yeah you played as long you can
make a song in a vacuum I mean you can
those guys who have created the most
amazing fucking songs and then they like
let you play them or let you listen to
them and you're like whoa like how long
you guys been working on this so you
have friends that are in a band you know
for months like holy shit yeah they
could do it all and put it together from
start to finish without anybody else
involved other than the producers and
now no we can't do that no we can't
anybody tries it's crazy did something
this mean somebody tried to a studio
stand-up album didn't some what no well
there was this but Carmichael directed
remodels that's right did the no no
audience know I show yeah everyone
trying to not shit under Michael I was
quite confused it was confusing but what
do you do you're drew Michael your young
comic ten years in HBO okay I gotta do
it fuck I gotta do it
truck wants to produce it no audience
without no way you could feel anything
other than weird doing stand-up that you
used to doing in front of an audience -
no audience you would be fighting
feeling weird the entire time you're
talking because you know you're there's
no one there
so you just talk into a camera audiences
watching to be honest with you
needs a laugh track the reason lap
tracks exists on TV shows is because the
the audience sometimes it's need to be
told that here's the moment Mike Curb
Your Enthusiasm doesn't have a laugh
track it's when the funny shows ya know
if you need the it's not the laugh track
it's what's the energy that creates just
that you're watching like this before
you're part of something everyone's like
yours will be laughing along with them
yeah like laughing if a guy if
if drew Michael came to you in person
and started saying those funny things to
you like with that tone you'd be like
this is uncomfortable a from you dude
you feel weird you feel we hit a punch
on the go it's like just you and him is
too it's too intimate right you're not
even but it's not your when you do in
stand about you and one person like
right who the fuck would ever talk like
that the moment works and for the large
people so you're taking something that
only works in front of groups of
comedians store and the guy working
there is looking at you like you're not
gonna book why are you saying it like I
says but stand-up comedy is not just
talking it is using the pauses and using
the timing using the moments where
they're supposed to laugh there's so
much more to it than just saying the
jokes you know that that's the sign of
where you go if like I just don't as an
experiment I get it that's like a
YouTube video I get it but as your first
big special I would want there to be an
audience there yeah oh yeah yeah
probably upset but I think garage is
just a creative guy in the end this idea
and just they just ran with it
I heard he wants to do one where himself
you see is the Aziz one or Spike Jonze
on stage and they filmed it where Italy
could see like the back people mulling
around in the back
I found it distracting distracting just
I didn't understand why that would be a
good idea oh you don't this isn't like
you happen to be filming we up in the
film Aziz working out here and you see a
bunch of people in the background but it
doesn't matter the material is good
you'll enjoy this well there's no yeah
this is a fuck you're intentionally
making it with if you want to
accommodate if you want have concept to
the thing or concept like kind of
bookend the show like the show it seems
like it's all like hey look over here to
be like I really didn't have like a an
hour I'm super happy with I'm not even I
haven't seen the material of it - no I'm
not saying Aziz it's not a good hour I
just feel like when you're throwing flow
I would want less fluff that's a draw -
draw - like hey listen to these jokes
like please don't pay attention that
like we have the first ever overhead 3d
camera flick on the shot Mike Jones so I
think you don't get it I think it's one
of those things where it's like a man
I'd love you if she directed it and he'd
be like okay but I want to do something
different
right and then you're like I trust you
you're a master at what you do I'm a
master when I do let's collaborate and I
get it
it was like when uh Steve Jobs he'd the
the first Apple logo he just paid two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for
and the deal was he didn't get any
revisions he got to like have a
conversation about what he wanted to
feel and then this weird fucking artist
went and created the logo and was like
here it is that's that okay that's it
may or may not use your fuckin
successful yet we don't even have a logo
for fifty dollars if I like it you
create a logo for my company what's it
called Apple that in six minutes in
thing that divides this country more
than right left it might be Android
versus iPhone
yeah but people aren't like boycotting
businesses over it no do not but the
people look down on people with Android
phones they sure do it's amazing
why I tear less than it's just one of
those things it's like if you have an
iPhone you're in and if you have an
Android phone you're on that other
fuckin team it's just like the bare
minimum if you don't have an iPhone you
you're a fucking loser yeah that's what
it is
like I was an Android guy for years and
I used to I used to be different who
gives a shit and then I got an iPhone I
was like oh the it's the difference is
just the way your fingers I don't
it's a sleek just from going from one
piece one thing to the next if you're
opening up attacks you're going to a
phone everything is just very seamless
and it's smooth and it feels very
natural very nice and Android because so
many different people use that sort of
Android platform it's always clunky and
it's not exactly the same so it never
feels as smooth once you get used to
your iPhone that's that yeah I agree
better very successful people that stick
by Android yeah most Android phones are
pretty fucking smooth if you if you
picked up like
galaxies whatever yes like a galaxy s10
does a smooth fucking phone man those
things are as good as anything there's a
bunch of phones now on the side of
Android that rival or are better than
iPhones you know some of the
technologies are 10 the note 10 that
just came out is there one that's not
Android or iPhone that's like dope that
people just don't know about that's like
other operating system which is really
weird it's like yeah yeah
you have three operating systems you
have you know iPhones you have Android
and there's still a few people that have
Windows phones please blackberry I was
it I think that's a joke well I don't
know that's a gag text him it goes blue
he's got a fucking iPhone or he's got
multiple phones phony asshole I talked
about one time he does have it but he
doesn't like use it oh okay yeah he's
got it I think it was a joke though okay
I think he really did miss those little
well if you had a blackberry back in the
day the things that people you knew
where everything was yeah
buttons where you could text pretty
quick that little ball would break it
was so fucking annoying yeah that thing
would break but uh the difference
between down an iPhone it's pretty
substantial but the difference between
iPhones and Android is not substantial
anymore but don't you like like nice
rating systems pretty fucking alive a
phone I can't go back I just know it I
don't want to relearn a new phone is now
some Steve Jobs is gone that iPhones
catching up on the technology to Android
androids are getting a lot of things you
go look what my iPhone does now some of
those Android goes but we've had
generations of that would be that they
wait until the technology is out and all
the bugs are knocked out of it and then
they give you a superior version of it
yeah that's the hard everything I mean
look it's the most successful company in
the fucking history of the known
universe they have it shit fuck tons of
cash I can't believe they didn't get
like the folding phone first I don't
think that things worth a fuck I could
molding I couldn't guess it's weird
origami how about just give me this this
is a good shape you feel stuff yeah
they're just constantly we got to figure
out how to consider we really do you're
brick
yeah roll it up like a little like a
fortune cookie worried about is the Elan
must think the neuro-link hearing about
that I'm not sure what's app to
integrating computers with your fucking
brain that's yeah it's gonna happen
right if it's not this Elon Musk's thing
doesn't do that then the next thing will
but the the ultimate goal is gonna be
we're gonna have pieces in our body
what's the name the wording some
computers what the word of like merging
with the the body's a cyborg
yeah well that's true to singularity is
in July that's what that's what I was
the singularity is what they think would
be the ultimate technological innovation
that radically transforms mankind and
they move that number around and I think
the singularity they think for
artificial intelligence there was a
symposium in New York a few years back
that Ari and I and Duncan Trussell went
to it was like the 20 I think it was
like 2045 that's when they think their
thing at 2045 these things are gonna go
alive and they'll be robot just like ex
machina type people walk it around with
us oh for sure I mean I think I heard
part of the conversation you over the
Elan musk and it was one of the most
interesting things because for a while I
was going yeah dude if you just put your
phone down people don't really give us
you got a supermarket people aren't
arguing about politics but eventually
what's going to happen is the phones are
gonna be in our fucking brains and
you're never gonna be able to put the
phone down and it's gonna be that's the
world we live in where we were just at
war and that's where it's fucking scary
that's what I don't like about we jump
in too quick to hasn't already been like
a whole bunch of like self-driving car
accident terrible things happen but way
more human accidents yeah it's better
it's more human accidents per amount of
cars though do you know I'm saying like
self-driving cars really a you're not
supposed to just sit there you're
supposed to hold on to the wheel I keep
a hand on the wheel it makes you do that
you can't just drive it it doesn't just
you can't just sit back it needs you to
be engaged okay so it's a little Duvall
who just takes videos of him like taking
a nap and smoking joints out the window
you're not involved at all so can you
get that like blocked for the sensors
like to take a more common sensor type
something you
do that's actually like a iPhone mount
like a cell phone mount and it sits on
the handle and it keeps pressure on the
handle so the handle thinks that you're
holding on to the handle and you have
your iphone take that robots and iPhone
holder so they sell it as an iPhone
holder but really what it is is
something that squeezes on the handle
but they can't sell it is that because
that would be illegal it should be
illegal goddamn good that thing that but
eventually you know drive shit
eventually I weigh more trust auto drive
I trust them to be able to come up with
the technology where they have
everything on perfect grids where we all
get in our cars and the absolute fastest
way for us to get from point A to point
B is already mapped out traffic all that
shit that that's not that crazy I feel
like that that has to be within you know
20 30 years changes lanes and everything
oh yeah yeah it changes lanes did it
blow your mind the first few are not
highway that's coming oh that's probably
just give you the experience in a chip
3d hologram lady appears and starts
blowing deals like it's real but
nothing's this Whitney Houston you
celebrities remember have they made the
future in 80s movies though where the
dick-sucking car would actually be like
a hose would come out of the ground that
would be the feel look at the my mouth
hose did you really trust that mouth
well I watched I watched Total Recall
recently which is like you know the new
one or the old not total recall the one
the running man oh wow and it was like
when he was holding the girl hostage she
was in the house like let's look up what
flights around it's just such obviously
Qatari graphics on the screen that's at
the year 2050 the music really has good
ideas of what the features can be even
Minority Report when they're moving
stuff around the screen like maybe maybe
someday but no one's done anything where
you go wow that would be amazing if your
house that was it for the Apple thing
though is that Apple tries to make their
stuff live up to what they made like
1950 space movies but everything's like
very like metal metallic and sleek
looking and the uniform the packaging as
well do I
Apple's a great company they really are
but when you open up an iPhone or an
Apple product the packaging they it has
a bear thing where it lifts naturally
and it's all based off the experience
like when you open it you you go I've
never opened another product like this
and if they do that on purpose
and it's this subconscious thing that
they fucking put into your mind and
that's why you go dude just I don't know
what it is dude
iPhone I can't put my finger on it's
white chicks buy expensive bags yeah
same thing that cool yeah lasts forever
if you write though if you write a lot
and type a lot to the shittiest they're
fucking gear cords are dog shit the new
ones they're quickly clickety clickety
there's no travel
there's clickety clickety clickety
clickety and shit get stuck in them and
they're trying to figure out how to fix
that my students part doesn't work on my
Apple so I've copied the space so
whenever I write after this is not
comfortable for typing on like the whole
like how much fucking thinner does it
have to be Jesus Christ I know you guys
are trying to make them thin but make
them so they're comfortable to type on
yeah just make it thicker like what just
make it it doesn't have to be that big
old keyboard is the most comfortable
thing the old school the thing that we
love but I think it's because we learned
how to type on that no it's because
they're mechanical your fingers feel the
tactile sensation of pushing in those
Springs so as I click click click your
fingers know where the keys are when you
don't get into any feedback you make a
lot of errors like it's not as easy it
takes a long time to get accustomed to
that short travel keyboard that you get
on those really thin Mac books I have a
2015 MacBook I want it got an old one
refurbished because I hate the fucking
new keyboard it's like I don't know what
I'm touching yeah that's not it's not
moving it's so so shallow but I think
that do you not have an IBM or a nothing
IV I mean the Novo think path that thing
is like the old IBM ThinkPads with the
lenovo bought the company and now they
make them they you feel the keys it's
like as you're typing you know each they
have like 1.5 millimeters of travel
which is like I bet you clickety click
next time I'm gonna me and Joe we're
gonna have
typing competition I think I could I
have never make no mistakes with my new
Apple it's fine I think once you're used
to it you're used to it I think you need
to let yourself go to the new technology
I'd use both of them but I like the
typing way better on the Lenovo it's
just there's this is not like just me
this is a big thing that people who
write a lot say is a you want something
that has a lot of key travel because 1.5
you know preferably maybe even 1.8 no I
mean or something like that when you're
doing that you you get a real good feel
of where the keys are you don't you also
feel like you've hit the but you know
you've hit the button see this feedback
and you don't think about what I find is
that I'm writing on one of those things
I don't think about the keys as much as
I just I'm concentrating on writing or
like otherwise I'm like oh that that
little extra thing we got to look down
oh I fucked up and I hit that instead of
that that doesn't happen as much I'll be
less how offer you guys washing your
keyboards I feel bad every time my son
touches my computer board cover and they
use that doesn't blast thing is great oh
yeah I don't use any of that just blow
and come right out of your circuit board
roast your fucking kitchen tables gross
every ass gross I know you think about
like homeless people touching guard
rails it's like you go and touch that
like ah the subway the subway rails must
be just oh it's brutal few more times
I've done this in New York City like
I'll be going to put on my hand on the
hand I just don't touch ham rails
anymore I make sure that my son does in
but I've just been putting my hand down
the rail and then I just pick up a
booger like a human booger my week the
story just ruined my something about
other dudes boogers it's there's no way
that would that would end my day and
your own kids book my son's nose in a
heartbeat it's just a random different
though
yeah that's your own son I mean he's six
now you should stop yeah but definitely
stop picking his nose how old is it when
you'd be really concerned if your son is
still sucking their thumb how many years
in shit
wanted to do wait until you confirm and
they go okay well now I know my son
never sucked his thumb so yeah like have
you got a kid though if you had a boy I
have a girl should love sucking thumb
you don't have any kids
I got a 8 month old oh you didn't know
you were out there breeding I am
congratulations now you become even more
libertarian correct yeah but not my baby
I make the decisions there don't let
babies call the shots now it'll be just
sugar and guns teach a baby how to shoot
a gun the baby could actively shoot a
gun like you know I'm what much of a
fucking giant problem that would be like
if a baby was just like - you know I'm
feeling like I'm not enough of a
libertarian yeah because here's a gun go
homestead some land their body can't
really hold a gun and shoot it right it
would go flying there's no way but if
they could do you know how what a great
time they would think it would be right
they love it the projectiles my son is
there's nerve guns that's why I know
he's not gay he loves to shoot things
get a lot of gay people to chew things
no that's all right no he's not good
like he kept shooting his friend in the
face what do you think about bears and
then he was fighting the bullets in his
book if you had a bunch of bears that
you couldn't take them out to like
shotgun range and shoot clay pigeons
there's like 50 minutes for this our
fucking each other oh my god they're
guys they're just guys with like guys
they got the wacky the gay kids that I
grow I'm sure yes there are gay guys who
like to do doodly dude things right oh
definitely but but doodly dude you know
I mean how many gay friends you have
there like we should really go shooting
guns right now let's go hunt I bet
there's a buddy you wanna shop and
that's fine yeah they do
they want to go them but isn't it like
girls like there's girls that are like
woodsy girls girls want to live in the
woods and shit yeah I think these are
exceptions if you're a gay like
mountainy guy and you're another
mountainy guy
probably in heaven all right life this
is it's also pretty hot gay mountainy
guys alone just fucking bolting down the
door before they but fuck look at this
you know yeah sure the neighbors don't
know what so are you fellas brothers and
sisters yeah what brother and brother
what's going on they run a seasonal
marina and then they just suck and fuck
in the offseason yeah you go down the
road where those two homos live yeah
there's a couple of whatever a couple of
how do you do is living in the old
fishing house don't get me wrong
great guys all they do is chop wood in
but fuck that was a the bagel balls guy
I would he said that he goes I got a
problem with gay people just don't touch
me you know especially in the private
area then we have the problem I go is
that what your life's worried about you
don't wanna hang out and I gave you
books our properties gonna start
grabbing viciously at your dick do you
think that guys he's gonna stick in
there he's gonna be like Joe the Plumber
or do you things gonna have some legs to
him I think this is gonna Lenny
Dykstra's gonna knock he's five-ten he's
a former I know he's like got alcohol
problems and shit but he's got those big
hands I see arrested the other day he's
gonna hit the bagel boss he was fighting
bagel boss yeah it's terribly like she
was you know older now but I mean he's
Lenny Dykstra he's a lunatic
he's only 55 so I'm like that yeah he
looks like 70 but he's he's still a
fucking stalk he do maybe like four foot
eight he's I mean if I was the face for
it he's really small there's no chance
don't you've seen that guy I see went to
one of someone's MMA gym he was hanging
out with a bunch of fighters and he's
throwing punches and and dancing around
the ring I think I want to say Matt
Serra was it Matt Serra Chris Weidman
yeah the Milan guy yeah so he was out
there he's not like he doesn't have a
background in martial arts like you
could tell no yeah it's over this is
really fight he's also a shape it's a
shape and he's a tiny little fella quite
like a butterfly sting like a butterfly
there's no yeah there's no good there's
no learning how to fight getting in
shape doing it all like yeah he's too
small yeah Lenny that sure looks like
he's been in a bunch of fistfights er
you used to be like that arrested light
was Jack datapoint his life I mean like
shredded you're losing that strength
you're not gonna even if he's out of
shape even if he's he's still a strong
like bulky guy sure kill them heavy he's
a fucking pro there's no way there's no
integrity in a celebrity boxing no I
don't know if you could bet like a
zillion top yeah that's him now so I
said he's up he's only 55 that's crazy
no he told her that isn't he is maybe a
little bit older he's older I just
looked it up the other day it's me he's
not that old he was a legit wild man
yeah but he was that right there he
looks like my cab yeah he was fucking
that guy was a legit wild man look at
that lady die try indicted for drugs
threats following arrest in May yeah
uber driver he was high on ecstasy and
coke and gotta argue mother's uber
driver and then threatened is like when
the cops come yeah yeah the cops come
and they're like yeah this guy's thing
is great for his life he's like what
play so innocent it's hilarious that's
fine and then they start checking his
bag and he starts freaking out about
them going through his bag 56 yeah Wow
wow I thought he was older than that
even he's damn living them hard years
son ahead of celebrity fight Lenny
Dykstra says bagel boss has one inch
penis that was outrageous click on that
please the world we live in
Lenny Dykstra went on Howard Stern and
did like uh he said like he had girls
come on to say how good eats pussy and
they were like swearing then they were
staring there was a comics rock
comedians from LA and then the
comedian's immediately just used it for
like a credit and that's just debunked
his whole thing so he flew them in for
nothing
oh that's funny it's crazy that he's
gonna hit that little guy cuz it's so so
wrong I guess I wonder if he is going
down quick yeah I in celebrity boxing it
and it doesn't usually get too brutal I
think you know I think the I think
what's a hunch him once and it might
kill Bonaduce used to go for it
help you Hecky doesn't help you at all
hey you sometimes makes it worse because
you got all this extra weight and your
head snaps more yeah yeah if you get
headgear on that's more shit that you
have to control like one of the things
about having a strong neck is when you
get punched you can kind of control your
head from moving around too much some
guys can take it better but if you have
a headgear on it's like extra weight and
your brain sloshes around inside your
head I mean it protects you from cuts
more than anything you know this is
there's an argument that it protect you
from cuts but the protecting you from
the thud because it's not it's the
fucking rocking of your brain you know
like it's in some ways it's it's a real
mixed bag in some ways it's better to
have that gear on cuz it is a little
more cushioning but other ways like it's
beautiful I was surprised you did that
but you're like it's fuck well I didn't
want to fight with the head guy try to
change it at the end because I started
sparring with it and it's fucking sucks
dick dude you can't breathe you can't
see that you can't see when you start
grappling you start feeling like you're
being smothered right all right no
matter what as soon as they touch your
head you feel like the starts moving up
in your face so I tried to get them to
take it off and they wouldn't and then
my headgear broke like in the first
minute of the fight and they're like I
fucking take it off because it was the
shit you know so we both took off our
headgear and I was like where's the rule
yeah
yeah here's a tricky thing you know it's
like they think that about football
helmets too that they would actually be
a safer game if they couldn't clash
heads with a helmet on that they
wouldn't do it they wouldn't play like
that that's just not true but the idea
is that the only reason why they play
that way is because the helmets in the
foot shoulder gear yeah I took that
stuff away they wouldn't play like that
they had any pads and you know 30s or
40s or whatever when they were done with
those little tiny helmets throw that
game if you were an outsider like if you
didn't know how big it was like if you
didn't understand anything about the
cultural significance football and they
showed you all the brain damage and they
showed you what it is you'd be like oh
yeah make that illegal yeah probably if
anything should be illegal stop doing
that kids yes yeah it run into each
other don't smash heads that's crazy
the defensive offensive line just the
idea as a Susie Seco
just clunk heads from another you know
we don't want it to be illegal and it's
a fun thing to watch and it's a great
way for some guys to make a fuckload of
money and weigh the risks versus the
rules yeah but then a bunch of middle
schoolers are snapping their necks and
my kid will never play football oh yeah
I can't stop they could then they could
legalize MMA with that it's because we
punching and kicking is so inherently
violent that's we see it as being this
violent act right that it's we go oh
shit fighting that's like crazy that's
the most violent sport but it's so much
less of a dangerous sport than football
football these guys are just running
headfirst at each other and every one of
them every one of them has major major
issue also get blindsided in football
you know you'll have your eye on someone
and then you get head to head taken out
from someone else that doesn't happen as
much an MMA but I mean when people get
like head kick knocked unconscious
that's not good for your brain now
where's being concussed and then they
get up and they just do it again again
again well they're a little bit stricter
I think unlike if you get a concussion
that they they won't put you back in at
least the way they used to like when I
was a kid but it's still I think
fighters are what getting concussed once
every if you know once a year if they're
getting knocked out once a year I mean
you know but this also sub-concussive
jaw which seems to be the problem with
CTE it's not just those knockouts it's
just the thumps over and over again over
and over and over and training sparring
these guys I think that's the real
problem that's why also soccer players
are getting it right the players are
starting to get CT so waiting what's
worse like getting like a Conor McGregor
one punch knockout or fighting Nick Diaz
and just getting like for five rounds
probably you probably better off getting
one punch knockout either better than
you probably better off getting drop
getting beat up by Nick Diaz 4:15 wasn't
the initial argument about MMA being
safer than boxing is that it's not so
much so you know what the gloves being
bigger in boxing and all that stuff
that's actually worse because you're
gonna keep taking too much down as well
you can get knocked down and then get up
and go right at your beacon costume like
right keep on fighting we're gonna have
a man
stop it if you're not defending yourself
so that's probably definitely better
yeah the thing about eight counts and
ten councillor but people have gotten
off the deck and had amazing
performances so you'd ever want to stop
it
like look at Tyson Fury gets off the
deck twice against tiant a while in MMA
that fight would have been stopped right
right so it's like one of those things
particularly the last round when he
dropped them he would definitely punched
him a few times he would have been out
cold because he was flat yeah yeah I was
back in MMA that would be the end of the
fight and we are lucky it wasn't because
he got up like a fucking superhero and
even won the rest of the round he outbox
him for the rest around he survived the
initial barrage and then started
catching him as he was coming in as
Deonte was being reckless he caught him
one time like stung him you know like
holy shit he's winning this round now
that he's winning the rest of the round
after getting almost obliterated there's
an argument that that's better
the crazy thing of value but the crazy
thing from the CTE like perspective
about boxing to me is that your people
will get hit and then they get hit and
grab someone cuz that's just everyone's
instinct and they grab them and then you
have a little referee goes no no no no
keep keep punching like don't do
anything to avoid from it now I'm gonna
step it back again and then they and
that in MMA you'll see a lot someone get
hit and then you know they get into a
clinch and you get a few minutes in a
clinch where they're kind of like okay
I'm not taking edge right now but the
smart thing about that is that's how
you're supposed to fight like you're
giving people options defend themselves
it shouldn't be you can't defend
yourself other than punching back that
seems kind of crazy like but I could
grab them and just stop these punches
no no against the rules what kind of
rules do we have like you can only beat
me up if I let you beat me that was one
of the points and dance around for a
half hour do you remember the original
there's like Gracie videos that they'd
make it early you have Swayze in action
yeah and what they used to say all the
time was and it's so true was so
interesting is that if two boxers just
have a street fight they're going into a
clinch and it's probably gonna end up on
the ground at some points I'm late
because the ref has to break up a clinch
over and over and over again to make
boxing happen like even when even when
you're a professional boxer and you
don't know anything about wrestling your
grappling you still end up grabbing the
other guy because that's just like the
only time that doesn't take place is
when one guy knows how to strike and the
other guy doesn't and you see a lot of
those videos online where two dudes
decide to get into some sort of a street
altercation and one guy actually is like
a boxer hey clap and he catches the guy
and the guy falls and bounces his head
off a concrete alcohol there's a bunch
of those yeah that's bad
that's different see the thing about the
Gracie jiu-jitsu is like you got to
always be aware there's people like that
out there there's there's always guys
who can punch you in the face and if
they know how to wrestle too and they
can keep you away and just keep punching
you in the face you better know how to
take them down
you just don't know dude fuck to 2019
you have no shit look at their ears you
look a little signs like you look in
their eyes skinny necks aren't getting
choked they as far as a skill like
definitely yeah you don't know weird
time for fighting you know it's like and
we I like both kinds I like just
stand-up only fights
I like watching those and I like mixed
martial arts fights but I think like
Terrance Crawford's coming on next and I
think watching someone like him box like
when you see the skill level that that
guy has switches stances doing all kind
of befuddling people getting their range
figuring them around and then just
teeing them up with perfect timing like
that's almost only possible that kind of
artistry if there's no wrestling right
there's no leg kicks if there's only the
boxing that's the only way see that like
that that kind of like beautiful
accommodate because otherwise you would
do other shit too you know you would leg
kick you try to take them down and that
so like the level of dominance that a
real Floyd Mayweather a real world
champion boxer has with their hands it's
hard to really appreciate until you see
it live and you know like what you're
seeing like if you're in the building
with a guy lights beating somebody up on
there sparring it's like yugioh oh look
at this you guys are playing two totally
different games we have boxing it's like
I literally look at boxing as like very
much a sport and I think MMA is the
closest thing that we have to
competitive fighting 100% that's sort of
like the difference it's you know all
things considered it's still a fighting
you can't grab somebody's fucking balls
and yank him off their body to bite
their nose I know these are be able to
enjoy the jousan who got you couldn't
bite and you couldn't I couch hit him
with a fucking trash can
fishhook but you used to be able to
punch the balls there was a fucking
great video of Keith Hackney fighting
Joe song no song got it got him in a
headlock and Keith acnes just hammering
his dick I mean full blow over and over
over and over and you see like Joe
sounds like going in shock he takes a
few of them and he's like I'm not
letting go of this joke North v dick
punch it's like this is all over man
it's over that was drained was he who
was was a chemo he head-butting hoist
Gracie yeah that was fucking brutal
brutal there was a lot of head-butting
back in the days it was an effective
weapon and it makes us like oh that's
awful but small finger locks but there
are these other bones how come you're
allowed to hit with these bones but you
can't hit with that yeah also I would
rather be head-butted by a guy that I
don't ever say there's no there's not
much technique in head-butting I would
rather be head about it then be head
kicked by dude who knows how to head
kick you think there's no time but there
really is there's guys that spar and
they fight in less way and let the way
is a type of Muay Thai where they put
ropes over the knuckles that's the only
thing they have and they're allowed
headbutt and it's some wild ass shit and
they do headbutt combinations on the pad
like the tap tap bang they like use
their head and train it Wow learn her TV
and find that left way weit Lu th you
know it does commentary for it is our
friend Robin black he does uh he does
commentary for less way but this is a
brutal form of Muay Thai where you're
allowed to headbutt because they already
elbow and I think thick you know they're
thinking well if I can mean funny yeah I
could do all these things watching ahead
but it's right there his fucking face is
right there
remember what uh what Mark Coleman used
to do like he got fo you have season
before the head boats were illegal dude
he was he would smash people with the
head butts so here look at this dude
with this combination watch this so this
is a Robin Robin black breakdown when he
got this dude goes off to the side
pushes the dudes heads away and then
immediately comes in with a perfect
headbutt boom just slamming him in the
face on purpose with the top of his head
so he's trying to hit like his eyes and
his nose and the soft tissue
he's trying to hit that with the hard
part of his forehead well yeah they do a
lot more damage than a fist I feel like
a headbutt only works one out of every
thousand times oh no no no this that guy
does it a lot and if you do it this way
the way he's doing it you're taking a
really hard part of your forehead and
you're smashing against a soft part of
the eyes and the nose this part of your
forehead is hard as fuck man
most guys who break their hand and
fights break their hands top of the head
yeah that was especially boxing the team
of tequila reality shows two guys were
fighting over and that was the reality
oh he broke his chin opened a thing like
it separates his teeth he takes a
headbutt to the mouth spitting out the
Bloods not turning you ever see someone
get covered the Bloods not turning red
yet black do you like it yeah it's not
just to splitting what happens in his
jaw splits down the middle where you
literally see his teeth separate because
it's cracks in half like that it's the
most horrific thing I've ever seen this
vh1 by the way I saw that video classics
a woman's fight really yeah yeah it was
a Randy Couture's wife Kim KOTOR oh yeah
she fought she got her jaw broken and it
was separated and she went out and
fought the next round
Wow the jaw separate predator inside was
moving around and then she had to get it
wired up and and fixed after the fight
was crazy
in the sixth grade he was getting to a
fist fight with his other kid and this
other kid had brass knuckles and breath
and was erected by him at like the mall
when I was a kid martial arts I give it
like butterfly knives nunchucks yeah
flying stars
yeah brass not like you could just go
any stars that's 12 and by deadly
weapons
those little stores it would sell
nunchucks sigh sighs all the time so
this can't have brass knuckles and he
fucking drilled this kid in the face and
broke his jaw and for the whole school
year I have Squier he had a have a wired
jaw who should drinking chocolate milk
at lunch every day he happen to tell the
story
Peter punched him he was a kid so it
wasn't like juvie I was just like he got
in trouble that's it yeah you got
arrested no no I didn't get arrested
didn't get harassed able to go to school
together after that remove the it didn't
happen at school it happened at a school
I don't think that the kid who did I
know the kid who did I don't think he
went to the same say man sorry for
hitting you with brass knuckles shut the
math homework cool that's a B just
that's terrifying that's where it's like
you just don't want to fuck with people
like well kids who get beat up at home -
kids kids who get beat up other parents
they're ready to beat people up of
course it's becomes a part of your
everyday life you're mad at people you
hit them mad at people that are smaller
than you you can get away with it you
hit them you know I don't think people
talk about that enough they talk about
all the violence in the world and
nobody's talking about the fact that
since kids are toddlers they're being
hit by the people that are supposed to
protect the most and it fucks them up
psychologically and it does something to
them it's awful and it's a cycle right
you hit your kids because your dad hit
you and that's what made you the man you
are today that kind of horse sure but
it's so weird that it's the only
relationship where if you bring up this
topic people will justify hey yeah it's
the only like no one will publicly
justify hitting their chick or hitting
their ground personally like you're
attacking their parents right they take
it like my mom's a good mom she you know
I deserved it they'll tell you that I
deserved it isn't it so weird that if
anyone if you said publicly like you
know that you give your girlfriend a
slap if she acts the wrong way everyone
would universally be like that is just
pure evil but if you say the same thing
to my two-year-old my three-year-old
everyone's just kind of like what and
then if you say if you grow if my man
talks too much should I smack him in his
face girls would be like you go girl
yes that's true I'm on the fucking no
but that's because the power dynamic is
opposite right you know like but you're
talking about though that's a serious
problem of your dating support yes she's
hitting me
whatever her hands are the fucking real
issue yeah week weekend she's gone huh
out of the UFC yeah they fucked up that
sucks they made a video where it made it
look like Dana White yeah they just dr.
you added words that he didn't say that
was stupid so dumb
do you think it was malicious everything
was a legitimate mistake in terms of
translating there's no way it could be
anything other than stupid what whoever
lives on purpose if it was done on
purpose it was just a stupid idea that's
all it is
it's relation whatever it is whoever did
it is just that's just a terrible error
and it's really bad timing because she
was almost uncuttable last year but now
Amanda Nunez came and kind of took that
juice and now it's like she's damaged
goods if she decides to leave the EOC
without a Nunez rematch she beats Nunez
she gets it all back you know but she's
go to one Fc she'd go to Bellator she'd
go to a lot of places and she'd still be
welcomed with open arms
she's a walk down the street and gets a
huge pop star like like she shows up
with those away in shows and like the
crowd flocks there I remember just
thinking that about her I saw her one
time and there was a garden show and
just sat in like the front row of the
UFC at the garden and the place was like
look I'm so excited for just like
turning around waving her she was the
first like female terminator Gina Carano
watching her beat up Gina Carano
gives me nightmares so this is crazy
fight in the end of it when there's a
photo that we played on this podcast
before of her cyborgs hand palming
Gina's head with black fingernails and
she's punching her in the face at the
same time she's holding her head
slamming her fist in the face like I
want out Janna's Gina was queen when it
was like three minute rounds they all
fought three-minute rounds back then for
women yeah yeah half tops
you know she was taking some stuff you
know for sure I'm sure
yeah yeah sure oh that's part of the
issue and Darrell is it positive for
some stuff it's you know that's part of
what it is that's part of what it is the
build-up to the Gina Carano fight was
when she choked out the news guy right
those are that wasn't kind of viral was
her I got a news guy being like to put
her in like a rear naked choke and shake
choked him unconscious comes back to its
extreme weird I want to do it and then
he was like you could you could do it's
fine and then he just looks on
but it was one those bans on gas or you
get up into make noises believe that
they're really gonna go out like that
they don't believe they're gonna go out
so quick yeah I learned in the sixth
grade we used to do the thing where he
would hyperventilate yeah yeah yeah so
you bend over okay
and then he's breathe really heavy for
like a minute as far as hard as you can
and come up really fast you're already
lightheaded then your friend puts his
hands his palms on your carotid arteries
and just presses kind of light and then
within three seconds you just slide down
the wall whoa it was my first time ever
got high yeah but your friends will let
you fall and hit your fucking head yeah
I can head off a curve you gotta
catch'em I don't think that's
necessarily that bad for you but it's
definitely not good for you
it's especially when you're yeah 11 Vil
opeing developing your own yeah it's
probably shouldn't do it yeah don't be
choking out but it's it happens all the
time in the gym and no one no one stops
I think it choked unconscious they wake
up and they go back to rollin again and
they the way they talk about it like
it's a garden hose the garden hose shuts
off the power to the brain and
everything's fine but I'm like man you
ain't a doctor show me some long-term
Studies on dudes who've been choked
unconscious mobile talk show me a doctor
making garden hose analogy call me a
bitch I'll tap quick
I'm not going unconscious man yeah stop
that's silly I don't want ya going
unconscious thing who knows what that's
doing you going to the Netherlands you
might come back a totally different
person a totally different you come back
with a false memory of the past since
then since I was knocked out that
happens to guys because when they get
hit and knocked out when they come to
they do not know what happened and they
have to be reminded over and over and
over again ax I mean it must feel like
you woke up or ever mentioned like it
must feel surreal well this spring told
me a story after the Danny Anderson
fight he literally had no idea what
happened it was like he had no idea
where he was
he didn't even thought he thought his
fight was a few weeks out still yeah
that's
was scary shit he said uh Ben Askren was
saying he has no memory of like anything
in the arena after that so slow it was
one of the worst knockouts of all time
that amount of power that your flying
knee has when you're ducking into it is
accentuated because he's going in for
the takedown and he's got a strong
takedown right so he's going in with
everything he has faced first and
smashing into it running at him oh my
god it's the hole that's the biggest
impact I think I've ever seen as we're
talking about football players crashing
each other that's the moment of impact
we're the dangerous thing about two
football players crashing their bodies
into each other is exactly that yeah and
they super athletes creating that
momentum I mean yes it's nuts how crazy
is it to be undefeated never to lose to
anybody and then that's your one like
your one blemish is like the biggest not
so much shit that it's suck because I
like bow I'm a big fan he's really funny
and then too he talked so much when you
talk shit like that and then you fucking
lose you got it he got it eat those
words
so he's marketing himself amazingly and
then that's part of the marketing
himself was like he has his own
down-home version talking shit yeah you
know even its bloom roasted things like
you could tell it's like he's almost
kind of playing a dufus character yeah
but he's a very smart guy like I had him
on the podcast and he sends me book
recommendations and Chevys like a really
well-read interesting guy he just that's
his character and is in his part of the
strategies to annoy the fuck out of you
but when you flatline him like that
after I know him annoying the fuck out
of you you know what's that word
schadenfraude house it wasn't word
yeah was there just desserts what does
that call yeah I don't know something
like it's the what the pleasure that you
feel from someone else uh-huh obvious
demise right is that how they sounds
right yeah is that it pleasure derived
from another person's misfortune there
you go that's what it is technique it's
almost like in a weird way that's what
he was trying to get mouths but all to
do like go crazy
so the takedowns are there yes but if it
doesn't work out it goes
very bad well Moskva doll just took that
chance with that flying knee entry and
he practiced it over and over and over
again and he kind of knew with the way
he circled see the way he circled he
circled off to the side and then came
out on that way well so he knew he would
go at him with right eating into him
that way and so it perfectly taught
because he was coming out from the side
he knew his gonna lean in that way but
he also mouse was all said he was like I
was I was real confident if he took me
down I was gonna get back up and that
does kind of demonstrate that like if
you're real concerned about the takedown
you're probably not gonna open with
sprinting into a flying name which is
funny cuz Maas Vidal's not even a dude
who is known for being this unbelievable
wrestler but first time I saw Maas Badal
was an old-school Kimbo Slice Miami
backyard fighting video oh yeah dude
it's he came out and he fought this guy
I think it was big ray it was a guy was
like 230 pounds and it was George and it
was like a hundred and eighty pounds and
he came out he just boxes dude up and it
was so bad like all the kids were
follows like chickens running around a
backyard it was so hardcore and then he
ends up being so much I think
Strikeforce a few years laters when I
saw him in MMA and he's had a pretty
crazy trajectory to be where he's at
right now he is right on the cusp of
being you know maybe if he were human
the title he'd be one of the biggest
stars in the sport he's one of the best
motherfuckers in the sport for sure
there's no doubt about it with
everything he's super well-rounded he
could do everything his takedown defense
is amazing
he's got some of the best hands in the
division period I mean you look at him
knock him out dare until with that leap
in left hook the way the way he did it
though he set it up he landed it earlier
and then he landed again he figured it
out he figured out a spot where this
guy's open there's like this dip in what
he does and he found that opening he's
gotten better Riley he's definitely he's
decimal something hated he's more
dedicated you know and now he wants a
big payday and so they're probably
talking about doing that Nate Diaz he'll
get a big payday out of that one that's
a that's a big fight that fight will be
you
isn't it fucked up that who's mod is the
one that almost out of all of the guys
were talking about I'm least intrigued
to watch fight next oh man I'm not I
fuckin love watch that guy fight because
he's got this marauding relentless style
that's very similar to Colby's except he
hits harder and he'll try to take people
out or Kobe Kobe just keeps that heat on
you
yeah but Kobe's striking technique might
be a little bit better doesn't hit quite
as hard but the stuff he was shown
against Robbie Lawler those jabs and
body kicks and stuff I mean that was
pretty impressed you know he's friends
with my buddy cam hands and they they
train together and can't cams
description of him he said listen the
guy talks all this crazy shit right he's
doing it but he'd never stops training
he's just constantly training that's why
he's got that insane cardio he knows
that's his biggest weapon his biggest
weapon is he's like he's like ready keep
up
and you gotta try to keep up and he's
fucking going and gonna go I go and
everybody wilts that's why I'm so
interested to see you spawn fight
because he's gonna fight him and Guzman
does the same thing to people that's
what he did I think Tyron I think there
was issues with Tyra go into that fight
he lives like a shell of himself he
wasn't firing back but some of that you
got to give credit to Vaughn that
fucking pressure that relentless
pressure is striking which is just he
knows how to fight long he's got an
incredible fucking ground-and-pound game
he's got real knockout power
yeah and Kobe did a similar thing to
Robbie Lawler where it kind of looked
like why isn't he firing back wiesen hit
because he's kind of backs on the cage
getting taken down he's getting jabbed
consular and never has a moment to just
reset and take a deep breath because
like you're just on you the whole fight
guys didn't used to fight that way and
what I I talked to Colby about this we
were talking about the principle of like
I'm like how hard do you you when you
punch in how hard he punch and it's like
70% so you just hit them with a steady
stream of 70% you never see him bite
down you never see that those what DC
always likes to call big actions those
big actions those cost a lot of energy
and you got to figure out when to do
those maybe you're Francis and Ghana and
those big actions lead to ouster over
him getting knocked into the Netherlands
but if not then you're gonna blow out
your gas like we saw him with Stevie
Miocic lifting them over his head in the
first round and how cool does that look
that you're holding this huge guy over
your
and dropping him but then after that you
kind of just get a takedown he gets back
up to his feet and then by the fourth
round you're kind of wondering is that
really good strategy to be lifting these
guys over the steep a when steep a
fought Francis and Ghana oh that was yes
I managed to avoid the big actions of in
Ghana and then wear him out and the
ticket out and beat him up and retain
the title the only guy that's been able
to survive in Ghana the DC fight is a
hard one to watch man cuz he's the best
guy in the world he's so nice I love
that guy to death so watching him get
his body destroyed because he kept
digging those left hooks in the body I
was like whew part of me was like damn
that's a pretty pie how loud were those
fucking loud but it's it's it wasn't
like it was the crispness of it he was
he was standing in front of on top of
them and then slide in back and he would
just stick that fucking the left hook
into the liver and he is kept hitting it
part of me was like man that is a
beautiful left hook
nasty body shots but part of me is like
damn DC you got to get away from that
you got to get out of there you got to
take this guy down it's hard when you're
when you really love a guy and you watch
them fight it's hard it's very very
difficult to do commentary you just
what's the pain on that on the liver
punches what could that what's the
damage that can do this shoes that makes
you like I've seen people crumble or
show me a little don't want it it's a
horrible feeling wear it like like
shocks your body let me say John feels
like it's or show how about this show
gave wording right here it's right there
I was getting shocked lower if you if if
someone is standing in front of you and
you they hit you with a left hook most
likely they'd be hitting you in the
liver and it's like right where these
floating ribs are tucked in there and
when you slam someone hard like right
around the look you know some one of the
Masters of it is Canelo Alvarez say show
Canelo Alvarez body shots like maybe
there's a video we could look he's got a
beautiful one we steps in and just
fucking rips that left hook to the liver
and your body just goes deep it's the
weirdest feeling man it's like your legs
stop working everything stops working
your whole body just see
[Music]
it looks like it didn't happen to him
until that last one I think he was
playing poker face I think he was
playing poker face they see Canelo is a
fucking master at this shit he would
just dig this thing look at this that
one's going to the side but most the
time he's going to the liver most the
time well he's going to anything that's
open right that's the liver she's going
for the liver against golovkin but
golovkin got that lower that low guard
with his right arm he's blocking it from
happening the guy was coming up next
talking so it's so it's so much fun like
it's a fun sport to do well when these
kind of guys are fighting when triple G
and Canelo are fighting like fuck it's
like if you're a fan of the sport you've
seen the highest level two champions in
their prime going after it's amazing to
watch but that punches a ted-like and
getting hit there's a terrible feeling
and DC got hit there multiple times and
he was from like the second round on he
was at you were talking about it when he
was it but he was just putting his hands
down and kind of listen steep a hit him
his heart that's a dangerous way to
fight ste paimio judge like I think he
just wanted to put pressure on them and
makes deep a feel like he didn't deserve
to be in there with him I think maybe in
that approach he was trying to wear him
out which keep the pressure on him and
make him discouraged or maybe he had
genuine disdain for his abilities maybe
he really didn't think too steep it
could hurt him and he's just eventually
gonna catch him and then there was a lot
of people that thought because of the
way he knocks D pay out maybe ste pays
and his durable is used to be right
because steep a I used to take
tremendous shots from everybody but then
he got knocked out with one punch by DC
after taking tremendous shots in the in
Ghana fight so the question would be
like how much damage is he taking that
in Ghana fight but then he came back and
he ate everything that DC had to offer
him he just kept beating and he could
take it on the chin and eating it and
eventually he started taking over the
fight and when he started ripping the
body in the fourth round it was like
whoa he it was perfect I mean I've never
seen anybody have better body punches in
a championship what was that was think
that was like a corner call or you think
he just like improvised and saw that
that was open and he knows how to fight
yeah I saw an opening everybody
everybody know I mean that's such a
standard technique that's like a corner
call someone's throwing a leg kick it's
those Lincoln's it was working
yeah you never guns loft once he didn't
have an answer he didn't have an answer
to it he didn't duck it he didn't block
it he didn't he didn't try to take him
down he just kind of got stuck Stan the
problem with those liver shots too is
they SAP your energy so bad and you you
can't make a big move anymore so you
have to kind of pretend like
everything's okay and then BAM he hits
you again you're like oh shit we're in
trouble here but still you're looking
like nothing's wrong but your gas tank
is fucked
everything's on empty and you're fucked
you really can't fire back
that's why DC didn't fire back and he
kept getting shot to that body bang and
every time bang he gets shot to that
body you see this and then steep a got
him against the cage started uncorking
punches and DC just didn't have anything
to his body was shutting down didn't
have anything in him to stop that
onslaught I mean it's amazing that guys
thought this deep a is the most
successful heavyweight in the history
that's Merritt and Daniel Cormier
whether he fights again or not he'll
good that he's one of the best ever
you know but he also is lazy 42 it's 40
40 okay 40 is that true Oh 40 a DC that
might be could be 42 yeah you lost 42
when you look at like you know DC what
he's done it's incredible I mean nobody
else has ever done that it's just it's
kind of it's probably hard to convince
him of that the big fights the steep a
fight honestly because beating guys for
the vacated crown with in light
heavyweight is not the same as beating
Shawn Jones but beating steep a is like
being the heavyweight version of John
Jones yeah yeah that's that's the
biggest accomplishment ever
and I'd liked him at heavyweight because
he wasn't getting drained but I just
don't think that was I don't think I
don't know maybe he couldn't have fought
him any other way but I don't think that
was the best strategy the dropping of
the hands and the moving toward him with
disdain but I mean maybe that would have
worked on some guys and maybe that has
worked on other guys like Rumble Johnson
it worked on him right you know he mean
he eventually puts that heat on you and
so many guys crack under that heat do
you want to see as a friend do you want
to see him fight a third fight that is
entirely dependent upon where his head's
at I mean if he first of all I'm sure
he's a very intelligent guy with a lot
of years of competition under spell
whether it's Olympics
you know wrestling at the highest level
whether it's UFC Strikeforce before that
he's fought for a long time nobody needs
to tell him when to make decisions when
not he's emotional right now I'm sure
he's gonna take some time off and he'll
probably consult with his family and
probably figure out what he wants to do
but I bet if I had to guess his
competitive instincts are going to tell
him that he could have at least one more
fight and that it would be a rematch
with Steve Bay because he was dominating
the first round and he'd let it get away
from him and he wasn't listening to his
corner you know crazy Bob Cook was
yelling in his corner keep your damn
hands up you know he didn't like it Bob
cook didn't like it he respected Steve
Steve a he's a giant man he's a fucking
big motherfucker big long tall Croatian
and he's tough as shit and I think
because Daniel knocked him out in the
first round in the first fight you know
he he believed he could knock him out
again
but Steve a could take a goddamn shot
this time you know I mean yeah it's you
never know why a guy gets knocked out
that way with one punch mean it was a
perfect punch for sure I mean the way he
threw it was beautiful the way he threw
it from inside the clinch it comes over
the top of the shoulder plan and lands
that perfect punch that Kos deep amy was
amazing yeah but it was also such a
competitive fight that I'm super
intrigued to see a third fight you know
it's not like it's not a foregone
conclusion the CP is gonna be able to do
that again Daniel he just can come back
with a better game plan one person he
could win that fight and it's in my
opinion the best fighter heavyweight
though I don't think ain't gon will be a
good fight but I think the CP went said
again I I'm not convinced I mean I think
in gone who might be the next guy oh say
you know I think he might be the champ
row well he's definitely got what it
takes because he's got one thing that
100% one punch knockout power 100% not a
fucking human's gonna be there if he
full-on connects and smashes one through
your guard everyone goes night-night
everyone a hundred percent of the humans
that have ever walked in here
if that guy punches you full blast but
it's whether or not he's gonna be able
to do that too steep back we all thought
he had a chance of doing it the first
time but stipa shut it down and you know
maybe maybe he's better now but maybe
steep a is gonna come into this fight
even more energized ever after beating
DC and winning his title back I mean
maybe he's gonna maybe he saw something
from that fight that if you had to do it
again he would have implemented really
quickly you know the baby dude he did
not want to take another fight he was
whatever place he was in he was fucking
in his firehouse listed of his boots I
think if I get in that title back he
does not want to lose that title again
people were ignoring a man was weird
every I'm so concentrated on the Brock
lesner
idea that they were ignoring him it was
it's weird because when somebody said
that the other day whatever publication
was talking about see Bay being the
greatest heavyweight of all time this is
before the fight I remember going like
Izzy and then you start listing off his
credentials and you realize that he has
the most defenses he's also fought the
most competitive title defensive settle
defenses as well then you see it becomes
a little more apparent but I kind of
under I almost understand it because
even as and I'm a pretty big fan of the
sport but I remember just I wasn't like
chomping at the bit for the rematch for
him it wasn't like I was like I really
want to see that steep ad on Corey
mentioned I can't even put my finger on
why oh I did I wanted to see it bad I
wanted to see a real bad guy I wanted to
see
I liked the fact it was 13 months later
so I think it gave his body some time to
heal up I think you fighting gone it's
like getting hit by a train I mean you
might live fucking tree what happened
they hit just like when DJ Jazzy Jeff
will get thrown out
but I think he's if he keeps it together
he's the next guy I mean he's the next
guy in line to be the champion I mean he
has everything to lose
is he has the championship to lose if
it's deep a retires when Steve Bates
done Francis is the fucking man and
maybe maybe Francis beats him in a
rematch who knows again
all he has to do is connect he would be
a different guy in the rematch he would
understand what it's like to go five
hard rounds the guy who could take you
down and beat you up he would understand
that his wrestling has to be on point
his cardio has to be on point and
there's not gonna be times where he's
getting a hundred percent unload and
know for sure the guy's not going to be
there because the guy survived he didn't
have the gas tank for the remaining four
rounds and so this is gonna be a new guy
that steep a fights and he might very
well just play it smooth and just stay
on the outside and pick his shots and
then when he gets him hurt then uncork I
mean we don't know but we don't know
Stevie might take him down quicker this
time yeah maybe pea might say fuck all
this stand-up dude let's just wrestle
you know he just like come out I'm a
couple pump a few jabs and shoot a
fucking double on him and take him down
dude he took down DC steep a took down
DC that's giant the only other guy has
ever done that was John Jones and steep
I did it more emphatically you know I
mean it was pretty goddamn impressive
that's the other one at UH at
heavyweight I want to say I don Jones
retires I want to see him play
heavyweight yes Jones at 235 pounds
Locke yeah steroids to the gills monster
dude I would love to see if he could
handle steep a or if Cormier wanted that
fight I if Daniel Cormier and John Jones
wanted to fight again I'd want to see
that fight in heavyweight well I
guarantee you if John Jones
fights at heavyweight he'll probably be
at which is what he walks around that
because the word around Jackson's was
that he wrestled with heavy weights and
just ragdoll him that he would throw
people around the gym I mean when I
talked to tape Fletcher when he was down
there and other guys who trained with
John when John was uh down at Jacksons
as a light heavyweight champion was just
ranked Donnellan heavyweights he's a
phenomenally powerful guy and you really
saw them the Cormier fight like I think
Cormier was shocked in that first fight
of how fucking strong John is I mean
he's a long thin guy but he is redic
felis least wrong and I think as a
heavyweight he be a fuckload to handle
for a lot of guy yeah I want to say and
I think he actually he has the star
power to I think that puts the UFC on
the map in a weird way because they
haven't really had the major star as a
heavyweight champion like that fucking
dude who is like best in the world pound
for pound best as a heavyweight champ as
a heavyweight champion but if John could
be steep a that would be that yeah he's
he's definitely the best pound-for-pound
fighter in the in the UFC right now
definitely you look at his
accomplishments it's arguably the best
pound-for-pound fighter ever because
he's really never lost that one matt
hamill fighter trying to reverse that
because it was a bad decision it was a
bad decision through a bad decision this
is a bad decision to disqualified no
contest
yeah making a no contest so he's still
undefeated that's what it really should
have got my only problem with it is it
really should be crushed him oh yeah it
was ridiculous
doesn't feel like it that's the thing
it's like the guy's never really lost so
if you look at his career like who the
fuck can say that who the fuck has
fought like lyoto machida
Rashad Evans Rampage Jackson the top of
the food chain over and over new
generation through generation three or
four different generations of the best
guys Hansen everybody you look at that
there's actually a number like there
that one loss on his record if you could
really break it down there was some sort
of like statistic could come in and
really look at it there's a number an
amount of money that he's lost yeah
because he has that loss on his record
whether or whatever is the mark of
marketability maybe who knows there's
something definitely there has to be
some of this other have I says I have to
go share to wrap this bitch up
alright gentlemen thank you as always
you cooked out again so just talk to
that so I appreciate you guys I
appreciate scank vest I think it's
awesome what you guys are doing for
comedy I really do you're you're you're
just going for it and that's what we
need more of we need more of people that
are doing real comedy and you guys do it
I appreciate the fuck out of it and I
support you at every turn oh yeah Thank
You Jerry the man we really tell
everybody bye fuckers
that's why I saw nice one brother
[Applause]
[Music]